1,First - Lancelot,5,19,Arthur`s longest serving knight. Through the vigilant expenditure of extraordinary cost and immense efforts, Lancelot benefited from intervention by the faeries to become the most formidable of all knights. Known as Lancelot du Lac (`Lancelot of the Lake`). Embodying the spirit of chivalry, Lancelot also has close connections to the Lake and the Round Table and is more determined than any other knight to protect the Guinevere, the administrator of the Round Table.,High Speed Arondight,Arondight Burst,If the opponent is 「Faerie」\nATK increases by 100%
2,Second - Gareth,4,10,Like Gawain, Gareth too has inherited the genes of King Lot. She has a closer connection to Lot than the other knights created using his genes, but looks up to Gawain and Lancelot as her mentors. Not very fond of combat, she can usually be found helping out with housework. She is something of a psychological safety for all of the other aggressive knights derived from Lot. Even the hot-blooded Gawain will put away his sword when she so advises (or perhaps `demands` is more appropriate). At first glance you would be forgiven for thinking she had a bit of a crush on him, but it really is just a strong admiration, nothing more.,Save of Lance,Lance Absorb,ATK increases by 50%
3,Support - Iseult the Blond,4,9,Like Tristan, she also developed a deadly personality problem resulting from the additional Love Potion program. She will fight anyone for Tristan, but get in her way and she will even turn against Arthur.,Kiss to Heaven,Poison Kiss,ATK increases by 100%
4,Support - Lyonesse,1,5,Has very similar genes to Lynette, who she loves like a little sister. A lady of noble demeanor who always has a friendly smile on her face, she is actually romantically attracted to women instead of men. Gareth idolizes Lyonesse and is never far, but Lyonesse gladly puts up with more from Gareth than she even does from Lynette.,Powered Tear,Power Tear,Card HP is recovered by 50%
5,Second - Tristan,3,7,Tristan was originally created to serve King Mark, but developed a deadly personality problem resulting from the additional Love Potion program. Since then, has always fought alongside Iseult the Blond.,Dragon Piercing,Dragon Pierce,ATK increases by 100%
6,Revival - Uther,4,19,A clone of the king that Merlin created as part of his Phase I Crowning Strategy. The original creation was to rule over the whole of Britain, and therefore possessed formidable physical prowess. However, the specimen was destroyed in an error that occurred during the growth process. Dismayed by the loss of such impressive traits, Merlin used an irregular technique in an attempt to revive Uther. However, the original power of his creation could not be restored.,Perfect Piercing,Perfect Strike,ATK increases by 50%
7,Support - Elaine of Astolat,4,10,A knight who was originally created exclusively to support Lancelot. However, being so powerful, Lancelot felt that he did not need anyone to support him. Now she is no longer focused on Lancelot, and provides her valuable support to whoever requires it.,Small Heal Up,Heal Up,When HP is below 10%\nCard HP is recovered by 200%
8,Support - Lynette,2,3,A young lady who adores and has very similar genes to Lyonesse. She dislikes Gareth, who has recently become close to Lyonesse, and has started her giving all sorts of unreasonable orders. Gareth obediently follows these orders without a word of complaint, and Lynette has no idea that Gareth is actually Lyonesse`s favorite.,Knight of Lynette,Paladin Summon,After winning battle, at a certain probability, \nBC is recovered by 10
9,Support - Ither,1,3,This is not the real Ither, but a knight that was included in a production plan with the purpose of obtaining a set of crimson armor from the Lake. The armor created in this process was to be given to Percival, but it became clear that Ither too is more than capable of holding her own in battle, and she was therefore recruited into Camelot`s forces.,Dead Equip,Departing Boost,After winning battle, at a certain probability, \nBC is recovered by 10
10,Support - Iseult of the White Hands,3,8,The other Iseult who vied for Tristan`s affections. However, now that Tristan has been spellbound by the additional Love Potion program, Iseult of the White Hands will never realize her dream of being with him.,Bad Signal,Decoy Signal,When card level is max\nCard HP is recovered by 100%
11,Arthur: Blade Protector,3,7,One of the challengers who attempted to pull Excalibur from the stone and become king of Britain. Though well versed in both politics and the art of combat, he had no actual experience of battle until he pulled the sword from the stone. He now fights to restore order and stability to a Britain embroiled in chaos, both internal and external. The choices he makes will determine if he becomes an enlightened ruler or a tyrant.,Flat Judge,Righteous Sword,ATK increases when you have more 「Blade Protector」 cards
12,Second - Onzlake,2,5,A knight who firmly believes in the strategy of charging through the enemy lines to allow more knights onto the battlefield. This tactic is extremely effective for resolving stalemate situations but is also highly risky. She has bandaged her right leg to feign injury, but lets her allies know that this is simply a ploy. After all, she wouldn`t want to receive any unnecessary sympathy.,Damage Plus Power,Attack Boost,ATK increases\nwhen your HP is low
13,Second - Gaheris,2,5,A Gawain-based knight created using genes from King Lot. Possesses exceptional battle prowess, but the moment he loses his cool he goes completely out of control, launching an unstoppable barrage of attacks and slaughtering every enemy in sight, even those who do not resist. Think of him not as a knight, but a as a pure warrior.,Judgment Witch,Judgment Witch,ATK increases by 50%
15,Second - Lamorak,1,4,A pure combat knight created to annihilate as many enemies as possible. Since all of his attributes and qualities are focused on defeating the enemy, there is a risk that his allies may also feel the brunt of his attacks. He is fully aware of his personality problems and is interested in faeries and sorceresses who can help him overcome his issues.,Struggle Thirty,Thirty Strike,ATK increases by 20%
16,Prototype - Vortigern,1,10,A clone of an ancient king who lived long before the time of Arthur. One of the oldest extant samples of a knight production plan created by the Lake. This production plan was created by King Vortigern to test the Lake after it was excavated from some ruins. In Vortigern`s time, the political situation was thrown into upheaval and the experiment was terminated before it could be completed. However, the surviving plan has once again came into use in Arthur`s time.,Heavy Weight Blade,Mighty Blade,ATK increases by 50%
17,Second - Erec,2,5,A knight designed to operate in tandem with Enide. He can communicate with Enide using a special form of telepathy.,Resurrection Blast,Recovery Blast,When HP is below 10%\nCard HP is recovered by 100%
18,Second - Morholt,1,5,Paired with the poison healer Iseult the Blond. His sword is imbued with a magical poison that can only be cured by Iseult. It is guaranteed to swiftly dispatch any foe. He is honest and upstanding but when forced into a tight situation, he will use his magical poison without hesitation.,Right Arm Crusher,Arm Crush,ATK increases by 20%
19,Second - Damas,2,5,Despite being knight produced by the Lake, she is unique in that she has hired a band of human mercenaries. She does not do any fighting herself; rather she has her human mercenaries do battle while she revels in the spoils of victory. She is truly peerless in her cunning.,Come Here Trooper,Troop Summon,Card HP is recovered by 100%
20,Specific - Wilhelm,4,16,A clone produced using the genes of a young man discovered in a ghost ship adrift in the sea off Britain. The original person is also known as William Tell. He is reputed to be a renowned archer who attempted to ignite revolution in the land of the Invaders, but there has been no such information that a revolution took place on the continent. It is possible that he crossed space and time for some unknown reason.,Apple Shooter,Apple Shooter,The more 「Blade Protector」 cards you have,\nATK increases (big)
21,Specific - Odysseus,2,7,A clone produced using genes extracted from the bones of an ancient hero that drifted to Britain from the land of the Invaders. He was once victorious in a war instigated by the gods, but now his ingenuity far outweighs his physical strength.,Strike Troy,Trojan Strike,ATK increases\nwhen opponent`s HP is high
22,Specific - Caesar,4,10,A clone produced using genes collected from the remains of a hero discovered in a sunken ship from the land of the Invaders. The original person was a legendary leader on the continent in ancient times, highly skilled in both military and political affairs. This clone has inherited some of these traits but she has no interest Britain`s power structures or matters of state.,Armor Penetrate,Armor Break,For first attack\nATK increases by 100%
23,Specific - Sigrun,6,17,A clone produced using genes collected from a young lady from a land that lies far to the north of Britain. The original person had the soul of a goddess contained within her body and was locked in a cycle of death and rebirth; however, little is known about who she is. She is a master of spells using magical runes.,Branch Road Heaven,Valkyrie Revival,If there are more than 4 「Blade Protector」 cards,\nATK increases by 150%
24,Specific - Nadezhda,4,16,A clone produced using the genes of a young lady discovered in a ghost ship adrift in the sea off Britain. The original person is reputed to have been a commander in the military of an empire located beyond the continental lands controlled by the Invaders. However, no records of her exploits have yet been discovered in Britain. It is possible that she crossed space and time while traveling through an enchanted forest.,Dirty open Fire,Cavalry Shot,If the opponent is 「Silky」\nATK increases by 100%
25,Specific - Hannibal,4,13,A clone produced using genes collected from the bones of a hero discovered in a sunken ship from the land of the Invaders. The original person is thought to be a commander who fought against the Invaders on the continent in ancient times. It seems that this clone has inherited a deep loathing for the Invaders, and feels very much at home in the independent land of Britain.,Latest Killer,Invader Purge,ATK increases by 100%
26,Specific - Mary,3,10,A clone produced using the genes of a lady discovered in a ghost ship adrift in the sea off Britain. The original person was neither of Britain nor of the Invaders, but is reputed to have been a pirate who sailed a sea called the Caribbean. However, it is not currently possible to verify these records in Britain. It is possible that she crossed space and time while sailing through enchanted waters.,Storm Pistol,Storm Pistol,ATK increases when you have more 「Techno Smith」 cards
27,Specific - Robin Hood,5,13,A clone produced using genes collected from a woman found wandering a dense forest in Britain. The original person is thought to have been a highly skilled archer based in Sherwood Forest, but few details are known and no such place exists in Britain today. Many of Britain`s forests have links to the Ancients, and it is possible that she had succumbed to the effects of one of their devices.,Long Long Shooting,Longbow Maestro,ATK increases when you have more 「Techno Smith」 cards
29,Clone - Fisher King,4,16,The clone of a king who ruled over a mysterious kingdom in Britain. A courageous scout risked life and limb to collect the necessary genes. This knight himself possesses formidable strength. However, of even greater significance is the possibility of using this knight in combination with other superior genes to create a knight of truly awesome power.,Lance of Saint blood,Divine Lance,If the opponent is 「Kelpie」\nATK increases by 200%
30,Prototype - Brandegoris,3,10,A clone produced using genes from Brandegoris. Many of the knights have been produced with the purpose of fighting the Invaders; however, this knight was created in order to fight the eleven rebel kings. However, his battle prowess proved to be unexceptional and he was instead recruited to fight against the invaders,Left Arm Blow,Shield Strike,ATK increases\nwhen opponent`s HP is high
31,Prototype - Rience,3,13,A clone created using genes obtained from King Rience. Regardless of how it is achieved, the ability to shake up the conflict will come in very useful in the fight against the Invaders. This is what Rience brings to the fight.,Vital Spot Counter,Dodge Counter,ATK increases\nwhen opponent`s HP is low
32,Prototype - Lot,4,14,A clone created based on genes supplied to the Lake during the reign of Uther. Crossing of the same genes has resulted in a clone that is weaker than the original. However, he has demonstrated to be effective at destroying the Invaders and is therefore mainly utilized in defensive battles.,Scrap Hard Enemy,Invader Slash,ATK increases by 100%
33,Second - Griflet,4,9,A special training knight developed to increase the morale and skill of all the other knights through simulated combat. Her original purpose was to prepare others for combat, not to directly participate in the fighting. However, her remarkable instinct for command became evident and now she too engages in battle.,Lecture Combat,Deadly Instruction,ATK increases\nwith more number of attacks
34,Second - Balan,3,7,Despite being a formidable warrior, her gentle personality rendered her unable to participate in battle. She contributes to the fight by controlling a special suit of armor that she can manipulate from the sidelines. She is not usually enthusiastic during battle but in special circumstances, such as when her comrades` lives are in danger, she will relinquish control over the armor and unleash her own remarkable fighting skills.,Strike Piercing,Strength Sacrifice,ATK increases\nwhen you have more SUPER
35,Special - Gorlois,2,6,The original Gorlois was the enemy of the first King Uther but, recognizing his capabilities, Merlin used his genes to create this clone. However, crossing of the same genes meant that the full extent of Gorlois` prowess could not be reproduced. Gorlois is the father of several sorceresses, and there is a theory that this knight was produced in order to analyze his genes and develop countermeasures against such sorceresses.,Minority Offense,Even Odds,ATK increases by 20%
36,Prophecy - Merlin,3,8,A wizard produced with the purpose of utilizing Merlin`s awesome magical power as a weapon. However, crossing of the same genes has meant that the power of this clone cannot match that of the original Merlin. Even so, he more than meets the level required to participate in battle and has hence been dispatched to the battlefield.,Prediction Twin color,Guardian Fields,When HP is below 10%\nATK increases by 100%
37,Sorceress - Morgause,4,9,A clone produced using genes extracted from a sample of Sorceress Morgause`s hair, obtained at great risk by an undercover spy. In addition to being deployed in battle, this clone is also used to study Sorceress Morgause`s plots and weaknesses. As she was created using the genes of a sorceress, she is not human and remains unknown whether or not she can be controlled using the Round Table Model.,Blood Relation Fire,Mana Fire,ATK increases\nwith higher card level
38,First - Gawain,5,16,Like Lancelot, this special knight was created for the purpose of supporting the king. He is one of Arthur`s longest serving knights and was also created as a test to determine whether or not it was possible to utilize the Lake using the technology of Arthur`s reign. As he was a test case, the Lake was used with great caution and a far higher cost was paid than for an average knight. As a result, he is extremely tough but does have certain personality problems that may be expected with a test case.,Bright Support Gallatin,Solar Strength,Card HP is recovered by 50%
39,First - Mordred,6,19,Driven by her hatred for Arthur, Sorceress Morgause stole into Camelot and deliberately contaminated the Lake`s production plans. Mordred is the result. This unusual knight was created by crossing all of Arthur`s genes with all of Sorceress Morgause`s genes. By analyzing the Arthur genes within his body, he is able to accurately determine any of Arthur`s weaknesses. Though initially burdened by his betrayal of Camelot, Arthur and the other knights considered that Mordred could serve as a safety net if ever Camelot became corrupted by power. He has since been accepted as one of their own, without a word of judgment.,Dragon Killer Clarente,Clarent Destruction,ATK increases by 100%
40,Control - Bedivere,1,3,Though it was not known whether or not it would actually happen, this special knight was produced to serve as an emergency seal for Excalibur in case it ever became corrupted. Her direct combat skills are unremarkable but her special ability that allows her to suppress the power of any sword can strike a dramatic blow against the combat potential of the enemy.,Safety Seal,Safety Seal,ATK increases by 20%
41,Special - Ywain’s Lion,1,5,A lion that Ywain is said to have encountered in a forest. At first glance she looks like an animal, but she is actually the result of using the Lake`s technology to reproduce a Faerie and a control medium that were created by the Ancients. She does not usually speak but has pledged her allegiance to Ywain and would fight to the death to protect her.,Small Size Dragon Killer,Dragon Slayer,ATK increases by 20%
42,Invader - Ban,2,11,A knight created based on a king who led a resistance movement against the Invaders on the continent. This knight makes a major contribution to the fight, but an even greater achievement was her use in the production of Lancelot.,Outside Blade,Invader Blade,ATK increases by 20%
43,Second - Colgrevance,4,12,A knight who excels at defensive combat and withdrawal tactics. Her production plan was created with the purpose of preventing the loss of any strategically vital members of Arthur`s inner circle. She will often execute maneuvers of unprecedented skill just to buy time for is comrades to escape.,Damage Guard,Damage Guard,ATK increases\nwhen your HP is low
44,Second - Ywain,4,10,A knight created by combining the genes of King Urien and Morgan. Perhaps because she has inherited the genes of Sorceress Morgan, she has a certain affinity with the technology of the Ancients. There have been eyewitness reports that she travels with a talking lion.,Cyclone Broceliande,Storm Summon,Card HP is recovered by 100%
45,Arthur: Techno Smith,3,7,One of the challengers who attempted to pull Excalibur from the stone and become queen of Britain. She may look sweet and innocent, but she began honing her skills on the battlefield long before attempting to withdraw Excalibur. This has given rise to her austere demeanor. By improving her skills and building up her forces, she hopes to defend the beleaguered Britain. The choices she makes will determine if he becomes an enlightened ruler or a tyrant.,Assault Recover,Counter Assault,ATK increases when you have more 「Techno Smith」 cards
46,Second - Agravain,1,6,A special knight created not to launch direct attacks, but to employ her advanced spying skills to seek out enemy weaknesses. During the development stage it was thought that if she could expose Lancelot`s weaknesses, she would be able to handle almost any enemy. She is therefore extremely tenacious and will sometimes sit completely still for days on end while observing her target.,Weak Search,Inside Knowledge,After winning battle, at a certain probability, \nBC is recovered by 10
47,Second - Kardeiz,1,6,A successor of Percival and Galahad who, despite possessing formidable strength, could do nothing other than excavate lost technology. He was readjusted so that his remarkable strength could be utilized purely for combat. However, his extraordinary prowess was also eliminated and his combat skills are now equivalent to those of any other knight.,Ground Control,Ground Control,After winning battle, at a certain probability, \nAP is recovered by 10
48,Second - Dinadan,5,14,Unusually for a Knight of the Round Table, Dinadan is known for her good humor and joking nature. Although at first glance she may appear not to be very smart, she excels at seeing what people are thinking by reading the subtleties of their behavior. Her role is therefore to divide and conquer the enemy.,Black Yell,Dark Jest,After winning battle, at a certain probability, \nSUPER is slightly increased
49,Support - Lunete,3,5,A maid in the service of Laudine, who appears on another card. She possesses a ring that makes the wearer invisible. Sometimes she uses the ring to play practical jokes. She is also fairly proficient in the use of magic.,Hide Ring,Invisibility Ring,After winning battle, at a certain probability, \nAP is recovered by 10
50,Invader - Bors,3,13,Like Ban, Bors is also a knight created based on a king who led a resistance movement against the Invaders. His production plan was created not only to produce a knight with considerable strength, but also to analyze the cyborg technology of the Invaders.,Outside Barrette,Invader Shot,When HP is below 50%\nATK increases by 50%
51,Second - Kahedin,1,6,A knight created not for direct combat, but to specialize in facilitating communications between units. He does not have the ability to intercept enemy messages. Among knights who prefer to do battle face-to-face, his approach is somewhat more modern.,Branch Signal,Positive Message,After winning battle, at a certain probability, \nAP is recovered by 10
52,Second - Calogrenant,1,11,A knight who appears in the introduction to the story about the forest of Brocéliande. He succeeded in pouring water from a spring into the nearby basin and summoned a storm. Immediately after the storm, he was attacked and severely wounded by a black knight. He is the first eyewitness to report accounts of ghosts and phantoms. However, he never gets to become the hero of the piece.,Accident Broceliande,Brocéliande Storm,ATK increases by 50%
53,Support - Laudine,2,5,She was originally created to support the Black Knight, but this role ended he was killed by Ywain. She excels when it comes to supporting other knights but her cheers of encouragement during battle can sometimes lead to disaster.,Yell to Winner,Battle Cry,ATK increases by 20%
54,Second - Mabonagrin,1,9,A knight who has become enamored and enslaved by the bewitching allure of his Lady. Even orders direct from Arthur must be padded with the words `If you do not carry this out, your Lady shall be most displeased.` Otherwise they would go completely ignored. A classic example of a fallen knight, he serves as a wretched lesson of what could happen should other knights who fail to maintain vigilance.,Guide of Clean Hit,Bewitched Hand,ATK increases by 20%
56,Specific - Belleville,3,10,A clone produced using the genes of a lady discovered in a ghost ship adrift in the sea off Britain. The original person is reputed to have been a female pirate who swore revenge on the Invader government. However, it remains unknown whether the king who is the target of her vengeance is one of the current Invaders. It is possible that she crossed space and time while sailing through enchanted waters in which she had sunk many a vessel.,Pirate Charge,Pirate Charge,ATK increases\nwith higher card level
57,Specific - Orion,4,13,A clone created using genes collected from a constellation using a special astronomical observatory. The original person is reputed to have been a giant who lived in ancient times and is highly adept at using a bow to attack targets at great distance. Legend has it that he won the heart of the Moon Goddess, but no specific details are known. He has a deathly fear of scorpions.,Dot Shooting,Unwavering Accuracy,ATK increases by 100%
58,Specific - Georgius,4,10,A clone produced using genes extracted from the bones of a saint discovered in cargo that drifted ashore from the land of the Invaders. The original person is reputed to have slain a dragon. He is now revered as a paragon of chivalry.,Lance of Dragon Killer,Dragon Slayer,If the opponent is 「Kelpie」\nATK increases by 100%
59,Specific - Joan of Arc,5,18,A clone created using genes extracted from a young lady washed ashore on the coast of Britain. The original person is thought have been born in the land of the Invaders and led a resistance movement, but there are many unnatural aspects to her behavior. She is said to have been imbued with special powers by God, but the facts remain unknown. Her presence is particularly mysterious as the original Joan of Arc should not even have been born yet.,Orleans Bright,Orléans Savior,When there are more than 7 「Techno Smith」 cards,\nATK increases by 200%
60,Specific - Dietrich,3,8,A clone produced using genes extracted from a young man washed ashore on the coast of Britain. It is said that the original person was a king who ruled over a territory in the land of the invaders, but no details are known. His sword, named Naglering, is unlike anything that can be created using the technology in Britain, whether in the current age or in the time of the Ancients. It is possible that he used this sword to cross space and time.,Giant Striker,Giant Slayer,ATK increases by 100%
61,Specific - Napoleon,4,12,A clone produced based on the genes of a young man discovered in a ghost ship adrift in the sea off Britain. The original person is reputedly the emperor of a military force sweeping its way across the land of the Invaders, but no information of such an event exists in this time. It is possible that he was sent across space and time upon touching some forbidden object among the many spoils plundered through numerous conflicts.,Field Coloring,Indomitable Conqueror,ATK increases when you have more 「Techno Smith」 cards
62,Specific - Hervor,3,8,A clone produced using genes collected from a young woman washed ashore from the seas far north of Britain. It is said that the original person was a female warrior who was the only one capable of fully controlling a sword reputed to be most powerful and most evil in all the northern lands. This warrior should not exist in this age, but it is possible that her magical sword sent her across space and time.,Three Time Blade,Tyrfing Triple,ATK increases by 50%
63,Specific - Perseus,5,17,A clone produced using genes extracted from the bones of a hero discovered in cargo that drifted ashore from the land of the Invaders. Records state that the original person succeeded in killing a legendary Gorgon but was unable to defy fate and accidentally killed his grandfather.,Flying Disc Bomber,Discus Burst,If the opponent is 「Faerie」\nATK increases by 200%
64,Specific - Lucrezia,4,10,A clone produced using genes collected from a woman washed ashore on the coast of Britain. It is claimed that the original person was a noblewoman from the continent of the Invaders, but this is not known for sure. Very little is known about the land of the Invaders, and the existence of the House of Borgia, to which she claims to belong, has yet to be verified. She inherited a vast fortune, which may have included artifacts relating to the Ancients.,Marriage Connection,Strategic Marriage,After winning battle, at a certain probability, \nAP is recovered by 10
65,Special - Gringolet,1,3,An unusual `knight` developed to serve as Gawain`s horse. He was produced using genes from the finest steeds. His unwavering loyalty to Gawain and noble spirit make it more than a mere horse.,Strong Security,Loyal Defense,Card HP is recovered by 20%
66,Trainer - Kay,1,5,A special training knight originally produced to instruct the numerous Arthurs in the ways of combat and politics. However, his acid tongue meant that he was not cut out for training. The fact that candidates for king have emerged from those who once studied under him has also completely changed his duties. He currently participates in battle on behalf of Arthur but is not altogether satisfied with this role.,Offence Heck Ring,Provocative Abuse,After winning battle, at a certain probability, \nSUPER is slightly increased
67,Prototype - Urien,3,8,A clone created based on genes supplied to the Lake during the reign of Uther. Crossing of the same genes has resulted in a clone that is weaker than the original. However, he was initially created to be more adept at tactical planning and political strategy than direct combat. His lack of physical prowess is therefore not a major problem.,Question Magic,Magic Counter,After winning battle, at a certain probability, \nBC is recovered by 20
68,Second - Bernard,1,4,A special knight who heads the scholarly institution that exists to give Support knights additional instruction in magical techniques. The results of such instruction are evident in knights such as Elaine of Astolat. Not limited to simply providing battlefield support, he also willingly participates in combat.,Wizard Security,Enchanted Defense,After winning battle, at a certain probability, \nSUPER is slightly increased
69,Second - Lucan,2,4,A knight who is more suited to solving political problems than engaging in direct combat. Her role is to garner opinions of rulers of the various territories in Britain. Despite resolving delicate matters in her job, she bold and unsubtle in her thinking. There are even rumors that she plies others with copious amounts of alcohol during discussions in order to impair their judgment.,Unit Support,Unit Support,Card HP is recovered by 20%
70,Sorceress - Elaine the Sorceress,4,8,As with other sorceresses, this clone was produced using genes extracted from a sample of Elaine`s hair, obtained at great risk by an undercover spy. Crossing of the same genes has resulted in a clone that not as powerful as the original. However, the original Elaine far preferred strategy over combat so many of her original traits have been preserved.,Force Disorder,Damage Deflector,ATK increases when you have more 「Sorcery King」 cards
71,Monarch - Constantine,6,20,A knight that Merlin designed from scratch, without a production plan. Like Mordred, Constantine contains some of Arthur`s genes but without the element of betrayal. She appears to be a key part of a plan being implemented by Merlin.,Archive Arthur,Analytical Strike,ATK increases by 200%
72,First - Galahad,5,15,A special knight created to excavate ruins and remains of the Ancients, a long-lost civilization in which faeries and humans coexisted as equals. Her gene structure is based on the Lancelot design, with the successful addition of some new strengths. Her abilities are almost at the maximum possible for a knight, but she has little energy to dedicate to tasks other than those for which she was created. She is therefore comparable with other knights when it comes to combat.,Top Ranker,Armor Smash,ATK increases\nwhen your HP is high
73,Second - Ironside,1,7,A knight who converts her hatred and resentment into the power to fight. Under the misunderstanding that she was killed by her allies Lancelot and Gawain, she obediently follows Arthur`s orders while waiting for her opportunity to exact vengeance. Her unjustified hatred stems from a suspicion that was intentionally imprinted by Merlin at the design stage in order to enhance her combat strength.,Seven Arms Clock,Septuple Strength,ATK increases by 50%
75,Second - Gottfried,2,6,Unlike the errant Lohengrin, this knight was given a character that makes him staunchly dedicated to protecting a single area. Like Lohengrin, he also serves to preserve the technology of the Ancients but not to the extent that Lohengrin does.,Scratch Bad Luck,Malignant Damage,ATK increases\nwhen opponent`s HP is low
76,Second - Lohengrin,3,12,While Percival and Galahad serve to excavate the technology of the Ancients, this knight specializes in storing technological artifacts once excavated. In times of peace, she also conceals her identity and wanders the land fighting evil. However, there are rumors that she actually does this in order to seek out technology of the Ancients for herself, just like that over which she is obliged take custody but can never truly own.,Clean Bad Luck,Malignant Laceration,When card level is max\nATK increases by 100%
77,Hybrid - Nimue,5,14,One of the wizard Merlin`s projects. He attempted to create an entity to serve as an interpreter between humans and faeries by producing a Faerie that was closer to humans than any that has ever come before. However, the resulting Nimue was too human in nature and was neither able to initiate contact with faeries nor wield their powers. Merlin is currently instructing her in the art of human magic. However, there is no escaping the Faerie part of her nature and she does not express any obvious feelings of gratitude to Merlin.,Wizard Seal,Wizard Seal,ATK increases\nwhen you have more SUPER
78,Support - Ortrud,1,4,Unusually for a knight created by the Lake, this young wizard works purely for money. She is particularly adept at a spell that temporarily turns her target into a swan. She will often turn people and all manner of items into swans to confuse the enemy.,Bird of Treasure Box,Swan Morph,Card HP is recovered by 20%
79,Second - Telramund,1,6,A wealthy knight who is the main client of Support - Ortrud. Despite being an errant wanderer created by the Lake, she is strangely concerned with acquiring land and territory for herself.,Downer Dummy Talk,Tactical Lies,ATK increases by 20%
80,Second - Balin,4,12,This knight developed a bug in her personality program when she withdrew a sword, originally meant to be withdrawn by Galahad, from its sheath. Despite her ability to unleash powerful slashing attacks, she is unable to control the sword and poses a danger both to herself and those she is charged with protecting.,Worst Ranker,Cursed Sword,ATK increases\nwhen your HP is low
81,Arthur: Sorcery King,3,7,One of the challengers who attempted to pull Excalibur from the stone and become king of Britain. Although proficient in training, his mental weakness meant that he was often manipulated by others. He was also never comfortable around women. He is endeavoring to improve the magic technology that has thus far sustained Britain in order to make a breakthrough in solving the problems that cannot be solved by standard technology alone. The choices he makes will determine if he becomes an enlightened ruler or a tyrant.,Trance Guide,Strategic Dream,ATK increases when you have more 「Sorcery King」 cards
82,Support - Brangaine,2,6,The original administrator of the additional Love Potion program taken by Tristan and Iseult the Blond. Perhaps because of her obligation to the additional program, she has been devoted to Tristan and Iseult the Blond ever since.,Psychedelic Portion,Love Potion,When card level is max\nCard HP is recovered by 100%
83,Support - Brisen,1,3,A special maid created to get close to the Fisher King, an individual reputed to possess the Holy Grail. An accomplished sorceress who was able to fool even Lancelot, she has been influential in the fruition of numerous romantic affairs.,Sweet Honey Problem,Temptress Deception,Card HP is recovered by 50%
84,Support - Ragnelle,2,7,A special experimental knight that was created as a psychological safety device to pacify Gawain`s aggressive disposition. Ragnelle was originally a woman of great beauty but deliberately became cursed to look like a hag. When creating this knight, it is therefore possible to choose attributes that are not linked to those genes that determine her power.,Beauty Curse,Dilemma Curse,After winning battle, at a certain probability, \nAP is recovered by 10
85,Second - Breunor,1,4,An assassin knight produced with the sole purpose of pursuing specific targets. She is therefore not suited to deployment on the maelstrom of the battlefield. Once she has her target, she will employ even the most diabolical of methods in order to get the job done. However, she surprisingly goes to great lengths to avoid getting others involved.,Revenge Promise,Vengeance Oath,Card HP is recovered by 20%
86,Support - Enide,4,11,A knight produced with the purpose of working in partnership with Erec. She has been endowed with recovery skills in order to support Erec as he executes his attacks. Whether male or female, her bewitchingly alluring appearance acts to expose the innermost malevolence and desires of others.,Resurrection Heal,Resurrection Heal,When HP is below 30%\nCard HP is recovered by 70%
88,Second - Gornemant,2,8,A special knight produced with the purpose repairing those knights that have been created with personality problems. While she is able to repair minor errors, major errors are impossible to fix. Utilizing her character traits, she also serves as a commander on the front line.,Teach the Force,Knighthood Instructor,After winning battle, at a certain probability, \nBC is recovered by 10
89,Second - Maleagant,1,4,A knight who specializes in techniques for handling prisoners of war and extracting necessary information from them. She does not attempt to engage in direct combat. She is essentially a strategist who has no intention of getting involved in face-to-face conflict.,Strategy Jail,Strategic Abduction,After winning battle, at a certain probability, \nBC is recovered by 10
90,Specific - Antoinette,4,9,A clone produced using genes collected from a young lady found wandering the shores of Britain. The original person claimed to have been a member of a royal family in the land of the invaders, but no details are known. Scouts have been unable to confirm the validity of her claims. She asserts that she possesses great wealth, and there is a possibility that this fortune may include artifacts of the Ancients.,Golden Lost,Profligate Compromise,HP is recovered\nwhen you give more attacks
93,Specific - St. Germain,3,7,A clone produced using genes collected from a mysterious person who made a sudden appearance in high society. The original person is a self-proclaimed time traveler, but no actual details are known. The people of Britain consider her to be little more than a fraud; however, descriptions of individuals with the same name as her have been found in numerous records from various points throughout history.,Rewind Battle,Battle Rewind,If the opponent is 「Faerie」\nATK increases by 50%
94,Specific - Santa Claus,3,9,A clone produced using the genes of a young lady who flew to Britain from a land in the far north. It appears that the original person`s sole aim is to deliver toys to children on a specific day; however, nothing is known about why she would do such a thing.,Holy Night Gift,Yuletide Gift,Card HP is recovered by 400%
95,Specific - Snow White,3,7,A clone produced using genes collected from a young lady in an eternal slumber discovered in a deep forest. It is said that if the original person ever woke up she would grow up to be the most beautiful woman in all the world, but no details are known about her. Known by the name Snow White, seven dwarfs watch over her while she sleeps.,Apple Doping,Poison Apple,When HP is below 30%\nATK increases by 70%
96,Specific - da Vinci,5,16,A clone produced using genes collected from a young lady who flew to Britain using a pair of artificial wings. The original person seems to be a scholar from the land of the Invaders; however, there has been no attempt to verify the scientific research and results of which speaks. It is possible that she crossed space and time after creating a device that took her one step too close to the realm of gods.,Secret Opener,Secret Revealer,Recovers HP\nwhen the opponent`s HP is lower
98,Specific - Lady Kai,4,14,A clone produced using genes collected from young lady discovered in a ghost ship adrift in the sea off Britain. The original person is reputed to be from a land that lies far to the east of the continent of the Invaders; however, no one has ever crossed the continent of the Invaders so her story cannot be verified. It is also said the armor and sword that she wears could not have been created using the technology that exists today.,Revenger Blade,Revenge Blade,If the opponent is 「Silky」\nATK increases by 200%
99,Specific - Himiko,4,10,A clone produced using genes collected from the bones of an ancient hero discovered inside a ship from the land of the Invaders that ran aground in Britain. The original person was seemingly a queen from a land that lies far to the east of the continent of the Invaders. The form of sorcery, known as kido, used by this clone is unlike the magic of Britain and has the power to manipulate spirits.,Oriental Monster,Demonic Invocation,ATK increases\nwith higher card level
100,Specific - Blanchefleur,1,9,This knight was originally produced with the objective of constructing genes compatible with those of Percival so that her genes could be used to create another knight that shares her superior traits. However, this knight exhibited outstanding intellect and remarkable martial prowess of her own, and was therefore deployed for combat. She is known as the Iron Lady. She has often been seen to succeed in situations where Percival has repeatedly failed.,Territory Service,Land Crush,ATK increases by 100%
102,Support - Elaine the Grail Bearer,3,9,This knight was produced not to engage in solo combat, but as a precursor to assemble the optimum genes for the Lake to create Galahad, the pinnacle of knighthood. She herself has inherited genes from a mysterious clan charged with protecting the relics of the Ancients. Her genes were successfully combined with those of Lancelot to create Galahad; however, Elaine the Grail Bearer appears most displeased that this was the sole reason for her creation.,Castle Control,Grail Defense,After winning battle, at a certain probability, \nBC is recovered by 20
103,Second - Ettarde,3,6,A knight produced not for direct combat, but to provide genes to be combined with those of powerful knights in order to create the truly exceptional warriors. Easily infatuated, she is burdened with a personality makes her prone to stalker-like behavior. Once wronged, she becomes absolutely unstoppable; however, it is only then that her martial prowess exceeds mediocrity.,Only Target,Scorn Fire,ATK increases\nwith more number of attacks
104,Second - Garlon,2,4,A special knight created using the genes of a family who have served as administrators of lost technology, reputedly since the time of the Ancients. She is endowed with the special ability to make herself invisible and launch surprise attacks. There is also unsubstantiated information that a wound inflicted by Garlon can be healed using her blood.,Optical Counter,Optical Counter,ATK increases by 20%
105,Second - Cador,1,6,Regardless of whether such plan actually goes ahead, this knight was produced as an experiment to develop a knight capable of launching a direct invasion on the continent of the Invaders. One objective of her development was to achieve activity over long distances and long durations without the need to resupply. Though her martial prowess is not unremarkable, a more noteworthy achievement is the fact that she provided the genes for the creation of the knight Constantine.,Long Working,Endurance Warfare,After winning battle, at a certain probability, \nBC is recovered by 10
106,Second - Tarquin,2,7,A knight produced with the objective of engaging in face-to-face combat with the mighty Invaders. To keep her skills perfectly honed, she runs a combat arena where spectators can bet on the winner.,Enemy Control,Enemy Control,ATK increases\nwhen opponent`s HP is low
107,Second - Percival,4,13,A special knight produced with the purpose of investigating the ruins and remains of the Ancients before First - Galahad was created. Despite her satisfactory abilities, her lack of fundamental knowledge means that she ends up committing numerous blunders.,White Smash,Clumsy Smash,After winning battle, at a certain probability, \nEXP attained is increased by x1.5
108,Second - Pellinore,1,3,This knight was originally produced with the purpose of fighting the Invaders; however, she has ignored her mission and now searches the forests in pursuit of a certain special beast. Only once she captures the beast will she return to her original mission; however, it does not look as though she will ever find it.,Rebound Edge,Rebound Edge,ATK increases by 20%
109,Command - Guinevere,4,9,A clone created using genes from Guinevere, the administrator of the Round Table. As she is the sole administrator, her production plan was created as a contingency in case of unforeseen circumstances. However, the clone did not attain the level of ability required to serve as administrator. Despite this, she is naturally gifted in the art of magic and was therefore deployed for battle.,Round Table Support,Dual Boost,After winning battle, at a certain probability, \nBC is recovered by 10
110,Sorceress - Morgan,5,20,As with other sorceresses, this clone was produced using genes extracted from a sample of hair, obtained at great risk by an undercover spy. Crossing of the same genes has meant that this clone is not as powerful as the original; however, she is more than capable of engaging in combat and has been deployed on the battlefield. Despite being created from a sorceress with a deep hatred for Arthur, this clone is surprisingly docile.,Winter Destruction,Winter Destruction,ATK increases by 100%
111,Clone - Elle,5,9,A clone produced based on genes from the Faerie Elle as part of an experiment to create the next generation of knights. Tuned with an emphasis on direct combat over information management, she is endowed with powerful magic. She alone is as valuable as an entire research facility. However, even she is not considered to be a complete success and is incapable of using the Lake.,Extortion Power,Command 22ad77be,ATK increases\nwhen you have more friends
113,Kelpie,5,17,A horse Faerie that lures passers-by into marshland. In the time of the Ancients, she managed a pool filled with artificially altered bacteria and was in charge of waste disposal. She has now lost her pool management role but her waste disposal program remains active, driving her to lure anyone who passes by into marshland. There is an emergency shutdown switch on her ring. She would likely obey whoever presses it.,Dissolved by Water,Error 38e21fa,ATK increases\nwhen opponent`s HP is high
115,Dullahan,3,11,A Faerie that signals impending death. She worked in terminal care during the time of the Ancients. It was her job to bring swift and painless deaths to patients suffering from incurable diseases. However, she still lists diseases that can now be cured as being incurable and has become a menace to those who otherwise recover.,Comfortable Death,Error a981cd1,ATK increases\nwhen opponent`s HP is high
116,Dryad,5,16,A Faerie that used to maintain the trees in an arboretum that served to support magical power during the time of the Ancients. Programmed to control pests and prevent poaching, she would eliminate anyone or anything that impeded the growth of trees. The arboretum disappeared with the fall of the ancients; however, she now protects the wild trees of the forests and has focused her attention on the threat posed by modern humans.,Manager with Trees,Error ef43ddc,Recovers HP\nwhen you attack more
117,Clone - Fay,5,10,A clone produced based on genes from the Faerie Fay as part of an experiment to create the next generation of knights. Tuned with an emphasis on direct combat over information management, she is endowed with powerful magic. Her role is more like that of an artillery emplacement than a fighter. However, even she is not considered to be a complete success and is incapable of using the Lake.,Blade of Light,Command 609fe00a,ATK increases\nwhen you have more friends
118,Mermaid,5,14,This Faerie originally worked in partnership with a lighthouse. She would use a special sonic signal to control and guide ships entering and leaving port. She had been ordered to intercept the ships of smugglers and invaders when the Ancients fell. She now indiscriminately attacks all modern ships and swimmers because they lack the official identification signal used by the Ancients.,Shipwreck,Error da35bce,ATK increases\nwhen you have more friends
120,Clone - Reafe,5,11,A clone produced based on genes from the Faerie Reafe as part of an experiment to create the next generation of knights. Tuned with an emphasis on direct combat over information management, she is endowed with powerful magic. She is extremely powerful but at high risk of going out of control. It is therefore best to utilize her almost like an autonomous missile. However, even she is not considered to be a complete success and is incapable of using the Lake.,Sword of Light,Command ab3d811e,ATK increases\nwhen you have more friends
121,Leviathan,5,13,This is not an actual Faerie but rather an entity that was incorporated into a system for the purpose of constructing an enormous control medium. There is unconfirmed information that this control medium was the prototype for Avalon, but no details are known. Now only the core Faerie Leviathan remains, free of her fortress-like control medium.,Blessing That Feeds The Hungry,Error 45fff33,ATK increases\nwith more number of attacks
122,Lugh,3,9,Originally possessing extraordinary magical powers, this military Faerie and is also known as the `God of War`. She prefers the strategy of using overwhelming firepower over long distances to obliterate the enemy while staying out of harm`s way. Although she was originally designed to serve more as a deterrent than as a weapon for actual deployment, the ancient battlefields of Britain are scarred by numerous craters which hint that she may have been used in the past.,Sword of Justice,Error 924dda71,ATK increases by 200%
123,Leprechaun,5,12,A Faerie in charge of automated production in a factory. During the time of the Ancients, she autonomously carried out the entire shoe industry process from production to sale. She was also responsible for managing the revenue from sales. The above-ground part of this factory ceased to exist after the fall of the Ancients; however, the underground vault remained. Unaware of what had happened in the outside world, Leprechaun now attacks modern humans in the belief that they are attempting to steal from the vault.,Effort to Avoid Treasure,Error 11fa78b,For first attack\nATK increases by 100%
124,Second - Bisclavret,2,2,This young lady was produced to be an exceptional knight, but the hatred within her has caused her to magically transform into a werewolf. However, she has harnessed this magic to attain combat abilities that far exceed those of an average knight. She could change back to her original form if she so desired, but is torn about whether or not to do so.,Strong Hammer,Lycanthrope Hammer,ATK increases by 50%
125,Invader - Lucius,4,14,A clone produced using genes from a central figure in the land of the Invaders, obtained at great risk by an undercover spy. His production plan was created more for the purpose of investigating the nature of the enemy as opposed to combat deployment; however, this clone could not recreate the real Lucius closely enough for his secrets to be revealed.,Hard Arc Saber,Attack Builder,ATK increases\nwhen opponent`s HP is high
126,Second - Bagdemagus,1,6,A knight who is hounded by misfortune despite his exceptional ability. He attempted to perform a systematic analysis of fortune and misfortune; however, the fruitless end to this research is also considered to be one of his misfortunes.,Get Over Lose,Reciprocal Wound,ATK increases by 20%
127,Second - Guivret,2,6,A clone produced using genes collected from a king. His skills make him a match even for Erec. Rather than aiming to land a single deadly blow, he prefers to fell his opponents by steadily inflicting numerous attacks. He has even been known to defeat small dragons.,Damage Link Damage,Reciprocal Wound,ATK increases by 20%
128,Second - Tor,5,14,A knight produced with the objective of using genes from the insubordinate Pellinore to create a knight who is easier to control. While Pellionore`s weaknesses were eroded, so too were her strengths. The result is a knight of only average ability. She is not suitable for deployment in unusual situations that require thinking outside the box, but excels in circumstances in which it is necessary to ensure a firm victory.,Beginners Winner,Preemptive Affliction,For first attack\nATK increases by 50%
129,Second - Gromer Somer Joure,2,5,This knight`s superhuman strength is the result not of diligent physical conditioning, but performance-enhancing magic. Although he boasts immense physical strength able to rival that of a giant, he mainly uses it to impress women. Other than self-defense, he also uses his almighty strength to protect the rights of others.,Intelligent Massive,Muscular Enhancement,When card level is max\nATK increases by 50%
131,Second - Mark,2,5,A knight produced to act as a commander. It was originally intended that he would Tristan, Iseult the Blond, and Brangwain; however, the incident surrounding the Love Potion destroyed both the bonds and the command structure that existed between them. Mark himself is very highly rated for his outstanding combat skills.,Sign of Sword,Heal Block,ATK increases\nwith higher card level
132,Second - Bors the Younger,1,3,An improved knight created by combining genes from Britain with those from Bors, who was produced using Invader genes. The expected result was knight who was tough like Lancelot; however, what the knight that actually emerged was an information collector who observes faeries and magic phenomena in order to investigate the best course of action to take during critical situations.,Legend Viewer,Rousing Grief,After winning battle, at a certain probability, \nBC is recovered by 10
134,Support - Ganeida,4,12,A knight that Merlin created to serve him. He expected to produce a sorceress, but the experiment was a failure. However, she does possess a certain degree of magical power and has therefore been deployed as a key combat soldier in the fight against the Invaders. It is impossible to know the true extent of her powers and it is therefore unknown whether or not she really is nothing more than a failed experiment.,Experiment,Deadly Prophecy,ATK increases when you have more 「Sorcery King」 cards
135,Second - Launfal,2,4,A knight who is always supported by a Faerie. It is said that he is actually married to this Faerie but would be killed if he ever divulged this secret to anyone. He has never said anything to imply this, but it is plain for all to see.,Eternal Status,Eternal Status,Card HP is recovered by 20%
136,Second - Pelleas,4,10,Although originally intended to fight the Invaders, this knight values love above all else, more even than chivalry or the future of Britain, yet is fated to have this love unfulfilled. Perhaps one reason for this is that people cannot understand her preference for women.,Heart Break Damage,Heartbreak Damage,ATK increases\nwhen your HP is low
137,Second - Meliot,3,11,A knight created using genes collected from the Faerie Nimue. Although not as powerful as a pure Faerie, he is endowed with abilities that set him apart from ordinary knights. His specialty lies not in single decisive attacks, but in protracted combat situations such as stalling enemy movements.,Long Time,Delay Tactics,Recovers HP\nwhen you attack more
138,Second - Hector de Maris,3,7,A knight produced with the main objective of supporting Lancelot. However, Lancelot considered himself so strong that he did not require anyone`s support, and so this knight`s intended role was lost. A worthy fighter in his own right, his recent solo exploits have gained much attention.,Boy Meets Mistake,Fruitless Search,ATK increases\nwith higher card level
139,Second - Elyan,1,3,A knight produced using genes collected from Bors the Younger. Perhaps due to an error that occurred during collection of the sample, her creation burdened Bors the Younger with a destiny that would keep him from attaining a certain miracle. Endowed with exceptional combat prowess, she has been deployed to face down with the Invaders on front line.,Critical Killer,Critical Penalty,Card HP is recovered by 20%
140,Special - Ambrosius,1,11,A clone produced using genes from a king who ruled Britain long before Arthur. The original person preferred to resolve matters through peaceful means. Rare for his time, he attempted to ease the discontent of the war-weary people of Britain by improving economic activities. This clone has also inherited his business acumen.,Economic Maintenance,Economic Maintenance,Card HP is recovered by 50%
141,Support - Olwen,1,5,This knight of unknown lineage was not included in the production plans but somehow ended up being created. She has a unique otherworldly demeanor and an air of mystery, giving rise to rumors that she contains Faerie genes. It is said that anyone who desires her hand in marriage must risk his life to complete a series of almost impossible tasks.,Gamble Question,Fatal Errand,ATK increases by 20%
142,Second - Lanceor,2,3,As well as fighting the Invaders as the other knights do, this special knight also works as a bounty hunter in Britain. She has little interest in the rewards she is paid, and considers the sum of a bounty to be nothing more than an indicator of an opponent`s strength.,Target Setting,Relentless Pursuit,After winning battle, at a certain probability, \nAP is recovered by 10
143,Support - Evaine,3,6,A knight developed to act as a mentor to help knights created from Bors, himself produced using Invader genes, become better versed in the ways of Britain. Designed for gene collection, she is far removed from those knights geared toward brute force combat, and has been set up to have a more nervous disposition. It is not known why, but on occasion she has demonstrated the strength to send even Bors crashing to the ground.,Status Control,Status Manipulation,After winning battle, at a certain probability, \nBC is recovered by 10
144,Support - Agravadain,2,4,A knight produced more for the purpose of developing genes to create powerful knights than for combat ability. Hector de Maris was created based on her genes, but the results could not justify the Cost and the project was eventually canceled. She has since served in a support capacity.,Combine Down,Combined Reduction,ATK increases when you have more 「Sorcery King」 cards
145,Special - Rowena,2,5,A clone produced using genes collected from the wife of former king Vortigern. It is unknown whether or not the original person truly loved the king; however, persuasion from both her and her family led to major misrule on the part of Vortigern. There are also rumors that she was a gold-digger, but it is no longer possible to determine the truth.,Charm Manual,Femme Fatale,Card HP is recovered by 20%
149,Silky,5,19,A type of Faerie that single-handedly undertook housework and security duties in grand homes during the time of the Ancients. If guests treat them politely, Silkies will supposedly give various magical items in gratitude. If guests treat them politely, Silkies will supposedly give various magical items in gratitude. However, modern humans do not understand the etiquette of the Ancients, and there are a constant string of cases in which Silkies have identified people as suspicious and subsequently eliminated them.,Graceful Reception,Error 25feacd,Card HP is recovered by 200%
150,Shellycoat,4,12,A type of Faerie that originally used highly pressurized water to suppress riots during the age of the Ancients. The rules of the age disappeared along with the fall of the Ancients; however, many modern humans have been attacked after inadvertently breaking some ancient taboo.,Noisy Waterproof,Error 56ea9da,ATK increases\nwith more number of attacks
151,Peg Powler,3,10,A Faerie that gave tours of an underwater city during the time of the Ancients. It appears that the Ancients possessed underwater breathing technology. However, modern humans do not have such things, and many people have drowned after being pulled underwater by her.,Guide to a Drink,Error 21de45ff,When HP is below 50%\nCard HP is recovered by 50%
153,Gruagach,5,23,A Faerie that was dispatched to improve social welfare services for the poor during the time of the Ancients. However, her service manual has become damaged over time. There are now repeated incidents in which she breaks into houses by forests and destroys all the furniture.,Humble Support,Error cd43afeb,If the opponent is 「Faerie」\nATK increases by 50%
154,Puca,4,9,A type of Faerie that gave tours of dense forests during the time of the Ancients. However, terrain and plant distribution have changed dramatically since this time. It has been known for people who have lost their way to follow a Puca and end up becoming completely stranded.,Signboard in the Forest,Error feac1b1,Card HP is recovered by 50%
156,Muryan,5,18,faeries that originally served as intelligence personnel concealed throughout Britain during the time of the Ancients. Their mission did not end even after the fall of the Ancients. Upon detecting a modern human who happens to resemble a target in one of their mission dossiers, these faeries will hunt them down to the ends of the Earth in order to complete their mission.,Secretive Approach,Error 71fbaa9,The less SUPER there are,\nATK increases (big)
157,Tylwyth Teg,5,15,faeries that originally worked as investigators specializing in youth crime during the time of the Ancients. However, their software has since become corrupted and they are now driven to seize any child, making them little more than kidnappers.,Tie Up For Hope,Error 77dfeba,For first attack\nATK increases by 100%
158,Green Knight,4,11,A mysterious knight who made a sudden appearance at a party in Camelot started yelling `Anyone wanna try cutting off my head?!` Her true identity is unknown. The fact that she remains unperturbed even if decapitated has led to conjecture that she is a Faerie as opposed to a human.,0,None,{}
159,Queen of Avalon,5,14,As the courage of her cowardly son can only be sustained while he remains inside the Castle of Death, the Queen of Avalon took Lancelot and raised him to protect the castle. She has no interest in Britain or the conflict with the Invaders.,Queen of Throne,Error ff000091,ATK increases by 100%
160,Arbitrator Knight,3,8,A knight who exists to judge whether the person who withdraws the sword (a different sword from Excalibur) that selects the most outstanding of all knights is truly worthy of becoming closer to the Ancients. His true identity is unknown. It is not even known if he is human.,0,None,{}
161,Rience Soldier,1,4,{},0,None,{}
162,Lot Soldier,1,4,{},0,None,{}
163,Tarasque,6,17,{},0,None,{}
164,Class 1 Dragon,6,17,{},0,None,{}
165,Citizen,1,4,{},0,None,{}
166,Brandegoris Soldier,1,4,{},0,None,{}
167,Maleagant Soldier,1,4,{},0,None,{}
168,Mordred Soldier,1,4,{},0,None,{}
169,Urien Soldier,1,4,{},0,None,{}
170,Giant Cyborg,1,4,{},0,None,{}
171,Resonance - Sisilala Phantom Flame,5,8,A knight created by using the notes of a heretical musical scale as genes. She was the first successful attempt at activating special military equipment from the time of the Ancients. Riding her trusty contraption, she speeds through the night like a shooting star.,Lightning Accel,Lightning Speed,ATK increases by 50%
172,Resonance - Sisilala Pure Heart,5,7,A knight created by using the notes of a heretical musical scale as genes. Though only 16 years of age, she has a deep yearning to find love. Her fervent feelings of love have reacted with her magic energy to surround her body in flames. Sometimes her feelings become so passionate that she ends up burning herself.,Honey Sweet Burning,Burning Passion,ATK increases\nwhen your HP is low
173,Resonance - Sisilala Papillon Sword,5,6,A knight created by using the notes of a heretical musical scale as genes. She always stays true to her own beliefs and is very strong willed, while her stern appearance means that she is both respected and feared.,Rainbow Butterfly,Rainbow Butterfly,ATK increases by 20%
174,Arousal - Sisilala Overdrive,6,11,A knight created by using the notes of a heretical musical scale as genes. She is an innocent young lady with great passion for music and dancing. People cannot help but become mesmerized as they watch her dance while enveloped in light that flickers like flames.,Love Me Till,Inferno Dance,Card HP is recovered by 50%
175,Second - Peridod,5,15,A God of Death prototype created by the Lake. She escaped shortly after being produced and it is therefore unknown whether she is truly capable of controlling death. However, like a true God of Death, she thinks nothing of taking a life. Nothing is known about her activities since she absconded. This mystery only serves to heighten her allure.,Play Rap Judge,Whirlwind Scythe,When HP is below 10%\nATK increases by 100%
176,Support - Candy,4,9,Wears a candy dress and carries a candy parasol. This girl loves anything to do with candy, but most of all she loves eating candy. She always carries lots of candy and hands it out to people she meets.,Present For You,Power Candy,Card HP is recovered by 50%
177,Support - Juanita,4,13,A sorceress wearing a frilly nightgown. She always looks as though she has just woken up or is still half asleep. She oversleeps so often that her friends have nicknamed her Sleepy Juanita, yet she seems completely oblivious as to why and makes no attempt to wake up earlier.,Toy Sleep Together,Sleepy Stare,ATK increases\nwhen you have less SUPER
178,Support - Tinia,4,13,This beauty is endowed with a dynamite body and also carries special dynamite with hypnotic effects. She has a complex about her large bust and always makes sure to keep her military coat tightly buttoned up.,Tear or Sleep,Dynamite Hypnosis,ATK increases by 50%
179,Support - Pansy,3,11,This young lady loves flowers more than anything else in the world. She always thinks how nice it would be if the fighting could stop and everyone, including the Invaders, could just live happily surrounded by flowers. She is delusional and sometimes exhibits severe persecutory delusions.,Flower Bloom,Flower Power,Card HP is recovered by 200%
180,Support - Citrine,5,14,The Goddess of Victory for all those who fight against the Invaders. She adores those who fight and spurns those who flee. She wishes that all knights can be mobilized for battle and hopes that the fighting will never end. Worried that the fighting may one day come to an end, there would no longer be the need for a Goddess of Victory if the world was at peace.,Imperial Condolence,Battle Standard,The lower your HP,\nHP is recovered (big)
181,Second - Sleet,2,9,A knight who is dearly loved by water faeries. The water protects her and fights for her. She has no fondness for combat. However, she understands that she cannot stand by and allow the Invaders to simply destroy the Lake and has therefore reluctantly joined the conflict.,Amazonite Rainbow,Rainbow Deluge,When there are more than 4 「Sorcery King」cards\nCard HP is recovered by 100%
182,Second - Cellini,2,7,A young lady who dreams of becoming a bird and soaring through the sky. She has made a pair of papier mache wings and attached them to her arms. Although she has made numerous bold attempts to fly using these wings, she has failed every time. She hopes to one day succeed and win praise from the faeries.,Dream Fly Dream,Failed Flight,When there are more than 4  「Sword Castle」 cards\nCard HP is recovered by 100%
184,Gem - Adamas,4,15,Although he possesses outstanding combat prowess, his temperamental nature means that he sometimes feels that he has `had enough` in the middle of a battle and simply abandons his attack. However, being something of a sadist, once he has entered battle mode he will take things to fiendish extremes. He has high affinity for diamond and emits a diamond-like sparkle as he unleashes his skills.,Diamond the Ripper,Diamond Massacre,If the opponent is 「Gruagach」\nATK increases by 200%
185,Gem - Garnet,5,13,Adopted by a rich man soon after being created. Surrounded by love throughout her life, she is unable to comprehend feelings such as malice and hatred, and firmly believes that there are no bad people in the world. She believes that all evil has been caused by the Invaders and that by fighting them she is helping to rid the world of evil. She has a high affinity for crystal and uses the power of crystals to unleash her skills.,Crystal Love Healing,Crystal Healing,When HP is below 30%\nCard HP is recovered by 70%
186,Gem - Sapphire,4,14,An errant knight. She has a high affinity for sapphire and her sturdy armor has been forged using sapphires. The sword attached to her left shoulder is never detached, not even when she sleeps. Mistrusting of other people, she lives a solitary existence.,Corundum Cutter,Decisive Cut,If the opponent is 「Silky」\nATK increases by 200%
187,Gem - Topaz,3,9,Adopted by a family of musicians soon after being created, but hates nothing more than learning and practicing the piano. She much prefers to take her hammer and go off into the forests and rivers. She is very good friends with all of the forest animals.,Hammer the Press,Hammer Blow,ATK increases by 50%
188,Second - Suwari,3,10,A maid who was once in the service of an estate destroyed by the Invaders. Her kindly master took her in after she ran away from the Lake. She has a deep hatred for the Invaders and the enemies of her master. Unbeknown to her master, she actually harbored feelings of love for him. Now she will never love again, for she swore to herself that she could never love any other.,Run Chain Brush,Chain Charge,The lower your HP,\nATK increases (big)
189,Support - Carnelian,4,14,Left the Lake and went to live in a convent. However, this convent, the only place she had ever called home, was destroyed by the Invaders. The ruins were then plundered by heartless humans, leaving her heartbroken. She never stops weeping an unconscious stream of tears and knows of no way to stop their flow.,Weep Mirror Fact,Mirror of Guilt,When HP is below 30%\nCard HP is recovered by 70%
190,Second - Paggi,2,8,Having been adopted by a wealthy family, this young man always passes of the achievements of others as if they were his own. People think of him as nothing more than a spoiled brat. Although he constantly tries to act tough, when it comes time to fight he backs away in fear. He thinks that everything can be solved by money. He is almost completely useless as a soldier.,Precious Stone Thief,Jewel Throw,If the opponent is 「Gruagach」\nATK increases by 100%
191,Second - Lava,3,10,After being created, she could not get used to the atmosphere at the Lake and so ran away. However, she did not have the courage to go far, and grew up in a nearby forest. She has developed an extensive knowledge of the poisonous mushrooms that surrounded her. She even extracts the poison and uses it to coat darts. Perhaps because her only friends are animals, she has a fear of both humans and faeries. She is scared that maybe they will try to eat her.,Blow Poison,Poison Dart,If the opponent is 「Gruagach」\nATK increases by 200%
192,Gem - Onyx,3,9,Adopted by a wealthy family. As she had only recently been created, she only came to know that she was a knight once the fighting started. She still wishes that she did not know this truth. Although not enthusiastic about fighting, she does so in order to restore the days when people could live in peace. She has a high affinity for gold and scatters gold dust after unleashing her gold-powered skills.,Amber the Whip,Pyrotechnic Whip,Card HP is recovered by 100%
193,Gem - Lapis,6,20,An aristocratic family took a liking to her and adopted her. However, she showed no interest in precious stones or fancy dresses, preferring to focus on guns and spell books and pouring all of her efforts into the study of ammunition. She has no magical powers and is therefore unable to cast spells, but has a strong admiration for wizards and faeries. As another researcher in her field, she has a strong rivalry with Turquoise. She has a high affinity for bloodstone and her skills are therefore extremely accurate.,Gun Blood Kill,Bloodstone Pistol,The higher the opponent`s HP,\nATK increases (big)
194,Gem - Turquoise,3,11,After her research findings were recognized by a renowned institution, she received a substantial research grant to use however she saw fit. She now lives a life of luxury. Hypnosis started out as just a hobby but she started to research it seriously when she unexpectedly found that it actually works. She treats Lapis like a child, despite them both being about the same age.,Jade Mesmerism,Jade Hypnosis,If the opponent is 「Gruagach」\nATK increases by 100%
196,Support - Selenite,3,9,An error occurred while the Lake was producing these twins, causing the younger brother to have a sickly constitution while the older sister was completely healthy. Although she is deeply concerned for her brother`s health, her robust health makes her unable to fully understand his plight. She therefore takes him along wherever she goes, often leading to him becoming injured. They have since left the Lake and set off in search of a wizard who can cure him.,Skeleton Gypsum,Invisibility Potion,If the opponent is 「Gruagach」\nATK increases by 200%
198,Second - Pieke,3,11,The simplest way to describe Pieke would probably be as a demonic nurse. The original intention was to use the Lake to create a highly-skilled nurse; however, what actually resulted was a psychopath who enjoys mutilating people far more than helping them. Now that the fighting has started, she is in her element with no end of victims to slash to pieces. She always has an eerie smile on her face.,Sin Mass Ring,Scalpel Carnage,If the opponent is 「Gruagach」\nATK increases by 200%
199,Second - Duty,4,14,A boy dedicated to killing as many Invaders as he can. He desperately wishes to become big and strong, and has a deep admiration for Arthur.,Stick Tear,Rapier Thrust,ATK increases by 200%
200,Support - Chianti,3,11,After emerging from the Lake, she married an ordinary human and lived happily. However, she was dispatched to the battlefield once the conflict broke out. She is desperate to return to her old life as soon as possible. It is this desire that drives her to carry on fighting. Refusing to handle weapons of any kind, she fights using pots and ladles; however, even she knows that such tactics will only take her so far.,Bowling Strike,Soup Assault,The more 「Techno Smith」 cards you have,\nATK increases (big)
201,Support - Melt,4,14,After being created in the Lake, this young lady had a strong urge to become a magician. Despite serving an apprenticeship under a famous magician, he was not the type of magician that she wanted to become and she left. She has since been honing her magic skills alone.,A Magic Spell,Card Vortex,Card HP is recovered by 100%
202,Gem - Quartz,3,13,As her name implies, this young lady has a high affinity for quartz and loves lakes, seas, and anywhere with water as clear as crystal. She also loves white and blue gemstones that are reminiscent of water, even going as far as buying any she can find. Because she does not carry money, it is usual for merchants to visit her home. She lives with her wealthy grandfather.,Jewel Falling Rain,Jewel Rain,When there are more than 4 「Sorcery King」cards\nCard HP is recovered by 100%
204,Gem - Ruby,5,14,Has a high affinity for ruby and her powers receive a major boost if she holds a red object. It is for this reason that this courageous knight carries a ruby-red sword. This sword is reputed to be worth a king`s ransom. She always behaves in a chivalrous and dignified manner but can also be quite shy, her face turning bright red if she is complimented.,Explode Fire,Inferno Blade,When HP is below 30%\nATK increases by 70%
205,Support - Aegi,3,10,Although she looks like a sweet young lady, she does not behave anything like a normal 13-year-old. This has given rise to rumors that she is actually an old woman who magically transformed herself into this form. Unfounded rumors that she survived the witch-hunt have refused to disappear, but she does not seem particularly bothered by them.,Love Dirtier,Darkness Summon,If the opponent is 「Gruagach」\nATK increases by 200%
206,Second - Frances,3,11,Originally a woman of great beauty. A failed attempt to make a love potion several years ago transformed her into her current form. She spends her days engrossed in research in attempt to find a potion that can change her back to her original form. However, she has not yet come close to finding one.,Marble Fall,Rock Crush,Card HP is recovered by 200%
207,Support - Unia,4,13,A young lady who dreams of being the number one make-up artist in Britain. She was highly renowned for her magic make-up skills and her services were in high demand. However, her whole life changed when the Invaders attacked. She now supports other knights and applies her skills to combat, while secretly wishing that everyone can go back to happier times when people had time to care about trivial things such as make-up.,Make Up History,Make-Up Empowerment,If the opponent is 「Gruagach」\nATK increases by 200%
208,Support - Hibernia,2,8,Before the Invaders attacked, she enjoyed nothing more than playing the flute for spirits of the deceased. She has a deep yearning to defeat the Invaders and restore peace. For this reason she does her best to contribute to the fight in any way she can. However, she possesses very little combat ability.,Power Stone Rage,Rousing Flute,When HP is below 30%\nCard HP is recovered by 70%
213,Second - Lavi,5,11,Went to work in a bar after leaving the Lake. She loves money and will demand a tip from anyone she helps. No one is exempt; not even children. It is said that she always dresses provocatively to keep both her body and mind in a state of tension.,Rabbit Jump Chase,Knife Barrage,ATK increases\nwhen you have more friends
215,Support - Giorgio,2,9,A gorgeous lady who saunters around in incredibly revealing clothing and is always recommending her favorite wines to everyone. She adores wine and is always drunk. Anyone who drinks the wine she offers will be presented with a very expensive bill.,Want You Wine,Fortifying Wine,Card HP is recovered by 200%
216,Support - Etolier,4,16,A mad scientist who had his sanity stolen by an ancient quadrupedal weapon that he accidentally stumbled across. Driven by his maniacal love of ancient weaponry, he has fused an ancient and contorted mech-like weapon to his body. To him, catching a whiff of the unique smell of ancient weaponry is the greatest possible joy. He has absolutely no interest in humans and dreams of living in a paradise in which he is surrounded by ancient weapons.,Mechanical Animal Erector,Mech Assault,If the opponent is 「Sicilia」\nATK increases by 300%
217,Support - Rank,3,13,A little boy with dreams of becoming a great hero. He is always whining at Arthur to give him Excalibur, but of course Arthur would never do such a thing. He thinks that this is because he is too young and he now seems to be doing everything he can to grow up as quickly as possible.,All Round Up,Net Shooter,If the opponent is 「Sicilia」\nATK increases by 400%
218,Support - Rosalia,4,15,A young lady who never woke up after being created by the Lake. Her out-of-body soul keeps watch over her while she sleeps. Body and soul have become separated. A curse befalls anyone who dares disturb her slumber. Perhaps she will awaken one day.,No Forgive Disturb,Slumberer`s Curse,If the opponent is 「Faerie」\nATK increases by 100%
219,Support - Uneli,4,14,After being produced by the Lake, this young lady was raised by faeries who did not understand the language of the humans. Although she herself can understand the human language, she does not really like to use it. She excels at dancing in a manner so fluid and supple that it is almost as if she has no bones. Her way of thinking is very similar to that of faeries.,Carlotta Pirouette,Mesmerizing Pirouette,ATK increases\nwith more number of attacks
220,Second - Florence,6,21,She was to be the bride in the first ever marriage between a human and a Faerie that would have been recognized by the faeries. However, her husband-to-be was killed by the Invaders on the day of the wedding. Now she wears her white wedding dress, stained with the blood of both her and her beloved fiancé, as she wanders the land in search of revenge.,Regent Come Back Darling,Matrimonial Sorrow,When there are more than 7 「Blade Protector」 cards,\nATK increases by 200%
221,Second - Cattleya,5,17,A young lady who loves orchids, particularly purple ones. She is extremely grateful for her creation and loyally obeys Arthur`s orders. She believes that combat should also be beautiful.,Elegant Shorting,Graceful Strike,When there are more than 7 「Techno Smith」 cards,\nATK increases by 200%
222,Second - Salafia,5,15,A mummy produced by the Lake. She keeps watch over a tomb. Humans despise her for her appearance. Only one human, a young lady, treated her kindly. This young lady met with an unfortunate death, but Salafia always carries her bones as a good luck charm. Despite her terrifying appearance, she is gentle of heart.,Human Drive Out,Bone Boomerang,When there are more than 7 「Sorcery King」 cards,\nATK increases by 200%
225,Elena,5,16,A Faerie that gave tours of caves and forests during the time of the Ancients. She is so small that she can fit in the palm of a hand. Even after the fall of the Ancients, she continues to give tours; however, she is temperamental and sometimes leaves people stranded in labyrinth-like caves and forests.,Guide of a Roadless Path,Error dnl90t5,When the HP is above 50%,\nATK increases by 100%
226,Second - Shwach,5,15,A young man who has been creating ingenious machines ever since leaving the Lake. He can look very decent if he makes the effort, but is not at all concerned about his appearance. He looks so scruffy that people usually mistake him for a vagrant. It has been known for girls to fall for him and attempt to tidy him up, but they can never put up with his eccentricities and always end up leaving before long.,Big Strom Wind,Cyclone Blaster,The more 「Techno Smith」 cards you have,\nATK increases (big)
255,Stellar - Cygnus,4,16,A knight created using light from the stars that constitute the Cygnus constellation. A pair of wings was shared between her and Deneb; Cygnus receiving the right wing and Deneb receiving the left. She has a strong sense of justice and abhors dishonesty. Believing that she shares a soul with Deneb, she considers herself to be incomplete without him.,Sword Wing Right,Sword Wing,ATK increases by 100%
256,Stellar - Lyra,5,18,A young lady created in a pair with Vega using light from the stars that constitute the Lyra constellation. She spends her days playing the harp as she prays for the peace and tranquility of mankind. Her harp has a mystical power that raises the spirits of anyone who hears it.,Shine Hope Energy,Healing Harp,When card level is max,\nCard HP is recovered by 100%
258,Stellar - Vega,5,19,A weaving girl created in a pair with Lyra using light from the stars that constitute the Lyra constellation. Since she and her husband Altair were created by the Lake, she has eked out a living by weaving at her loom. When the Invaders attacked, she was called back to the Lake and forced into the conflict. She now fights to reclaim the life that she shared with her husband.,Roll-Up Down,Loom Assault,When HP is below 30%\nATK increases by 70%
259,Celestial - Ptolemy,6,23,A young lady created using light from all of the stars in Ptolemy`s 48 constellations. She is the leader of all of the starlight knights. Despite her impertinent nature, she is greatly admired by her comrades. She values the starlight knights above all else, but her arrogant attitude and numerous affectations often lead to her being misunderstood by others.,Star Direct,Starfall Rain,For first attack\nATK increases by 100%
260,Second - Rield,3,6,His shiny axe is incredibly precious to him and he sharpens it every single day. He loves fighting and can barely contain his joy at going head-to-head with the invaders. A great admirer of Arthur, it is his dream to one day become Arthur`s right-hand man.,Guardian Break Press,Dazzling Mutilation,If your faction is 「Blade Protector」,\nATK increases by 100%
262,Second - Ellen,5,14,A great battle took everyone this knight once cared about. Despite losing her right eye in the conflict, she has resolved to continue fighting the Invaders in order to avenge her fallen comrades. She has not smiled once since the day of that fateful campaign.,No Looking One Sword,Merciless Charge,The lower the opponent`s HP,\nATK increases (big)
263,Support - Pulver,2,6,He could be a handsome young man if he dressed normally, but for some reason he prefers to dress like a woman. He loves to wear gorgeous dresses and put on heavy make-up. However, he is not a transsexual and is anatomically 100% male. Unexpectedly it seems that he is attracted to women instead of men.,Illusion Kiss,Surprising Seduction,ATK increases by 50%
265,Stellar - Virgo,5,19,Created in a pair with Spica using light from the stars that constitute the Virgo constellation. Ever since her creation, she has been deeply interested in curses and has even made a voodoo doll. She likes places that are veiled in darkness and cannot stand anything that sparkles or shines. Although she has great affection for Spica, she is unable to express her feelings and usually avoids her.,Three Time Over,Voodoo Doll,When card level is max,\nCard HP is recovered by 100%
267,Stellar - Spica,6,24,Created in a pair with Virgo using light from the stars that constitute the Virgo constellation. She loves things that sparkle or shine and loves to get dressed up. Virgo has no interest in such frivolity and Spica has started to worry about her, but Virgo seems to be avoiding her for some reason. However, optimistic to the end, she refuses to give up and is always recommending sparkly outfits that she thinks would look adorable on Virgo.,Cute Gunman Star,Star Gun,ATK increases by 150%
268,Support - Iliad,4,11,After being created, she left the Lake to become a wandering minstrel. Singing and playing her unusual stringed instrument are the greatest joys in her life. She also uses poetry in everyday conversation. Incredibly laid-back, she is not swayed by the opinions of others. However, she can also be quite stubborn.,Sing Song Troubadour,Noxious Melody,If the time is between 18:00～24:00\nATK increases by 100%
270,Second - Funk,3,11,Has a complex about his short stature. He always wears platform boots to make himself look taller. He is obsessed with radio-controlled vehicles and even makes his own ones. His favorites are radio-controlled flying saucers. He also loves to drink milk. Even so, he still does not grow any taller.,Red UFO Crash,Flying Saucer,If the opponent is 「Faerie」\nATK increases by 400%
271,Second - Nice,4,11,Raised at the Lake after being created. She is obsessed with machine guns and has a particular liking for Gatling guns. Her face is expressionless and she shows very little emotion, but this is simply because she does not know how. Therefore although she may be flustered on the inside, those around her believe that she is calm and level-headed.,Smash Gatling Signal,Gatling Spray,If your faction is 「Techno Smith」,\nATK increases by 100%
273,Support - Luxa,5,10,A girl who loves sleeping more than anything else. She is always dressed in pajamas and hugging her stuffed toy. Her spray bottle contains a potent sleeping potion. Just a single sniff will instantly put anyone into a deep sleep. She loves sleeping so much that she is rarely seen awake.,Good Night Everybody,Sleeping Spray,ATK increases\nwith more number of attacks
277,Stellar - Sirius,5,20,A young lady created in a pair with Mirzam using light from the stars that constitute the Canis Major constellation. Soon after being created, she was taken away from her partner Mirzam and raised without any knowledge of her. She is expressionless and emotionless. Whatever happens, she is never without her toy rabbit.,For Get Alive,Hypno Bunny,When HP is below 30%\nATK increases by 70%
278,Celestial - Andromeda,5,23,A beautiful woman created using light from a star named Alpheratz in the constellation of Andromeda. Jealous of her beauty, a group of noble women had her chained to a rock by the sea. Her only friends, the waves keep perpetual watch over her.,Return Your Technic,Tidal Vengeance,When the HP is below 50%,\nCard HP is recovered by 200%
282,Support - Cookie,1,5,A young lady who loves making and eating cakes and cookies. Her favorite phrase is `I don`t have any strength if I`m hungry.` She always has lots of treats stuffed in her pockets and gives them out to people who she thinks look tire or unhappy.,Fight Divide Power,Revitalizing Cookies,After winning battle, at a certain probability, \nBC is recovered by 10
286,Second - Diana,5,23,After being created by the Lake, this young lady was raised mainly by faeries. She likes things that shine and loves lightning most of all. Her drum with the power to summon lightning is an ancient weapon that she treasures above all else. She calls herself the `Goddess of Lightning` but this is met with laughter from those who recognize that she does not quite have the majesty for such a lofty title.,Thunder of Camelot,Lightning Summon,ATK increases (big)\nwith a higher number of attacks
287,Second - Lonn,5,16,A knight possessed by a dragon spirit due to the experimental integration of dragon genes. As a result, she is always surrounded by a faint dragon-shaped aura. Using magic to help others, she is well-loved for her kindness and consideration. However, she is also a sore loser with a childish side. As soon as she thinks she will lose at a game, she will lose her temper and try to win at any cost.,One More Chance,Dragon Menace,When HP is below 70%\nATK increases by 150%
291,Support - Harun,4,13,A lady of such spellbinding beauty that no one can avert their gaze from her. Her sublime singing voice resounds throughout the battlefield, soothing the very soul of anyone who hears it. She yearns to find love but has yet to meet that special someone. In the meantime, she sings to calm the battlefield as she continues her search for true love.,Hot Volley Flesh,Healing Song,The more Round Table cards you have,\nHP is recovered
292,Second - Alannah,4,14,A swordswoman who boasts a beautifully majestic fighting style. She spends her days taking the most meticulous attention over her clothing and seeking ever more elaborate styles of swordplay. Vehemently obsessive when it comes to aesthetics, it is almost as if she rehearses each and every one of the poses that she strikes while gracefully cutting her way through the Invaders,Silent Firefly,Balletic Slaughter,When there are more than 7 「Blade Protector」 cards,\nATK increases by 200%
293,Second - Oryll,4,14,A young man who chose to leave the Lake and live in the forest. Surviving by hunting animals, he had severed all contact with humans and therefore finds communication difficult. He expresses friendship by giving gifts of raw meat, but has ended up scaring people on more than one occasion.,Fighting Orca,Rock Pummel,When HP is below 10%\nATK increases by 100%
294,Second - Lupt,5,19,After leaving the Lake, she simply wandered aimlessly until she eventually collapsed from hunger. She was found and taken in by a kindly butcher and now helps out in his store. This where she learned how to use knives and cleavers. She enjoys meat far more than she used to. Now all of her meals and snacks consist purely of meat on the bone.,Healing Sword Flash,Cleaver Carnage,When HP is below 10%\nATK increases by 100%
295,Support - Fyne,4,14,A young man who specializes in using binoculars. He enjoys covertly watching people and is only one step away from becoming a full-on stalker. Ogling the recent bevy of bikini-clad beauties created by the Lake has made him so flustered that he has started to get nosebleeds.,A League Low Up,Weakness Recon,If your faction is 「Blade Protector」,\nCard HP is recovered by 100%
301,Second - Swirl,5,13,The top scientist within the field of virology. She has dedicated her life to creating the most powerful virus. Despite her beauty, she has absolutely no interest in people. The only time she ever feels excitement is when she discovers a particularly deadly virus.,Virus Invade,Virus Bullet,The higher your max BC,\nATK increases (big)
302,Support - Psyaty,4,13,A young woman who had decided that she wants to live as a thief. Due to her unique skin tone, she was often ridiculed both at the Lake and among humans. She is uncomfortable at the thought that she was created by the Lake, and suspects that she may have a mother and father somewhere.,Youth Thief Damage,Vitality Steal,Card HP is recovered by 200%
304,Support - Xiol,2,9,Although still young, this boy wants nothing more than to become a renowned scientific genius. However, he is still just a child and has great admiration for his hero. This has even affected how he dresses, wearing a battle suit just like the one his hero wears.,Skeleton Gypsum,Invisibility Potion,If your faction is 「Techno Smith」,\nCard HP is recovered by 100%
312,Support - Swim,6,22,A malfunction occurred when the Lake was producing this young lady, causing a special mutation. This has given her the unique ability to alter the appearance of her skin, like a chameleon. She is able to change her skin to any color at will. Recently she has taken a particular liking to camouflage tones and enjoys changing her skin color to complement her outfits.,Turn Return Color,Camouflage Deception,The higher your max AP,\nATK increases (big)
314,Support - Elga,4,13,Acting on a hint from a pyrotechnician who happened to be passing the Lake, she acquired the technology to infuse her soul into orbs and make them explode. These soul explosions burst with vital radiance and are more beautiful than any other sight on Earth. Although dangerous, the beauty of this phenomenon drives her to continue her research.,Black Sky Beauty,Soul Burst,When HP is below 30%\nATK increases by 70%
319,Student - Peridod,5,20,A Student knight created to look exactly like Second - Peridod. Just like the original Peridod, her weapon is also a scythe but its performance and power are nothing like those of the real thing. At first glance she appears to be a rebel and refuses to get involved in any clubs or activities at school, but surprisingly she is a worrier who cannot handle anxiety. Behind her cool exterior hides a kind and compassionate young lady.,Plunder Intension,Avenging Scythe,ATK increases by 100%
321,Student - Gareth,6,25,A Student knight created to look exactly like Second - Gareth. As class president she has a great sense of responsibility, but others treat her more like a pet than someone in a position of respect. She loves to study and is always carrying textbooks with her. Her eyesight is actually perfect but she has recently started wearing black-framed glasses in an attempt to look more studious.,Income Heather Chaos,Confusing Whisper,When HP is below 50%,\nCard HP is recovered by 200%
322,Second - Jacqueline,3,10,Created and raised at the Lake, this young lady feels that it is her mission to fight the Invaders. Her piercing, panther-like gaze cuts right through you. She is very popular among masochistic males, but she has no interest in masochists and only has time for men who are stronger than her. However, she has not realized that this is one of the reasons why she is so popular among masochists. Her kind and helpful personality may be another reason for her popularity.,Bullwhip Cracking,Razor Whip,HP is recovered\nwhen you give more attacks
326,Support - Reese,4,13,After being created by the Lake, this girl was raised by faeries and had very little to do with knights. It is said that she can speak a little of the Faerie language, but no one knows for certain. She readily expresses her emotions and wears her heart on her sleeve. She also has a complex about her large bust.,Hand Let Ten Reduce,Shield Defender,Card HP is recovered by 200%
327,Second - Rexanne,3,9,After being created in the Lake, this beautiful young lady gained attention for her sporting talents and went to be raised among humans. She lived a life completely untouched by the dangers of conflict but was taken back to the Lake when the Invaders attacked. Finding it hard to think of herself as a knight, she treats combat as if it were a sporting event.,Clean Hit Aim,Hole-in-One,Recovers HP\nwhen the opponent`s HP is higher
328,Support - Aphidna,4,11,A young lady created and raised at the Lake. She loves cute things, and goes absolutely crazy for anything with a strawberry pattern. It is her dream to redo all of Camelot`s interior decor using strawberry patterns. The faeries refuse to let her, but she will not give up asking.,Sweet Strawberry Supply,Juicy Strawberries,If your faction is 「Blade Protector」,\nCard HP is recovered by 100%
329,Student - Hector de Maris,5,16,A Student knight created to look exactly like Second - Hector de Maris. As he has a complex about his short stature, any words that mean `short` are strictly taboo. Always calm and collected, everyone knows they can rely on him. He is also very foul-mouthed but has no intention of changing.,Shah Past Tongue,Verbal Torment,When HP is below 50%,\nATK increases by 50%
330,Student - Ganeida,5,23,A Student knight created to look exactly like Support - Ganeida. She is tall, slim, and beautiful, yet has a bizarre interest in homoerotic fan fiction. She is always coming up with homosexual couplings and situations between fictional characters, which she meticulously records in her notebook. However, it appears that her fascination is not limited to encounters between male characters.,Spin A Day Dream,Disturbing Daydream,When HP is below 10%\nCard HP is recovered by 100%
332,Second - Borda,3,10,After choosing to leave the Lake, this girl fell on hard times and was arrested after being caught stealing. While she was in prison, her cellmates taught her how to juggle. After being released, she still wears her prison uniform and puts on juggling performances while locked in shackles. She calls herself the Prison Juggler.,Ones of Performer,Death Clubs,The more attacks there are,\nATK increases (big)
334,Support - Alma,4,13,Despite being created and raised at the Lake, her unyielding desire to live among humans drove her to run away. Eventually she fell in with a bunch of rebellious youths. She is incredibly proud of her tanned skin and bleached blond hair. After the Invaders attacked, she obediently returned to the Lake and has been helping the fight ever since. Although you would not think so from her appearance, she is actually kind and gentle.,Restrict Movie,Lasso Seal,ATK increases when you have more 「Techno Smith」 cards
339,Student - Himiko,6,23,A Student knight created to look exactly like Specific - Himiko. Just like the original Himiko, she exhibits outstanding leadership qualities but, unlike the original, is unable to use the mysterious form of sorcery known as kido. Perhaps because the original genes were collected from a great queen, she is self-centered and extremely arrogant, not only toward others in the student council but to everyone she deals with.,Obey Inter Neti,Inspiring Command,ATK increases by 200%
340,Student - Enide,6,21,A Student knight created to look exactly like Support - Enide. While the original Enide is a lady of very few words, this Enide finds it hard to stop talking even for 5 seconds. When she gets into trouble, she is a master at asking for help while looking up with puppy-dog eyes. It is a highly effective strategy but she is completely unaware that she does it. Almost like an accountant, she has a talent for arithmetic but is a total scatterbrain when it comes to anything else.,Abacus Toad Drive Mad,Abacus Manipulation,For first attack\nATK increases by 100%
342,Support - Lusca,3,10,Despite being created in the Lake, this girl has completely refused to learn combat techniques or abilities. Her beaming smile leaves even faeries completely speechless, and none of them have attempted to teach her how to fight. She does not usually speak but is actually very foul-mouthed.,With Smile Botel,Invigorating Smile,If the opponent is 「Faerie」\nATK increases by 400%
343,Support - Klackie,4,9,A narcissist who always strives to exploit her strengths to the maximum. She particularly likes her large cat eyes and canine teeth. She has recently been getting into avant-garde fashion. Shrewd and calculating, she will only act after assessing what she stands to gain.,Take Somebody Life,Fiery Distraction,If your faction is 「Sorcery King」,\nATK increases by 100%
344,Support - Paideia,4,11,A young lady created and raised at the Lake. She loves to play card games with faeries. Before the Invaders attacked, it was not unusual for to spend entire days playing cards. She finds it hard to forget about cards even during the conflict with the Invaders, even going so far as to challenge the Invaders to games of poker.,Spend Time the Game,Card Shark,If the time is between 12:00～18:00\nATK increases by 100%
346,Support - Pollygraff,3,12,This girl was raised by a stuffed toy maker after being created by the Lake. He made her teddy bear before his death. She refuses to talk about how he died. She usually has a melancholy expression on her face buy bravely tries to act happy around others.,Alter Ones Polish,Compassion Conversion,Recovers HP\nwhen your HP is higher
357,Second - Lucica,3,13,A young woman who rebels against modern developments and despises the trappings of civilization. She has a strong yearning to revert back to the time of the Ancients. Around her wrists she wears razor-sharp rings. The designs painted on her body are to ward off evil and act to strengthen her defense. Not very adept at planning ahead, she tends to act without thinking things through.,Aborigine Shin Polite,Razor Rings,If your faction is 「Blade Protector」,\nATK increases by 100%
358,Support - Spruce,3,12,A knight created using genes from a renowned violinist. He was originally produced to repose the souls of those knights who lost their lives in battle. However, he disliked playing healing music and much preferred to play destructive music. He was therefore recruited to fight the Invaders. His violin skills are unparalleled and he is revered as a maestro.,Maple Black Tone,Destruction Melody,ATK increases by 100%
366,Support - Ripline,1,3,After being created by the Lake, this girl was given a telescope and pretty much left to her own devices by both the faeries and the knights. As she had very little human contact while growing up, she is unable to read people`s moods and emotions. She is always loitering around and this has made her unpopular with some knights.,Poostol Sadas,Telescopic Beating,ATK increases by 50%
369,Support - Diaan,4,14,A girl with an obsession for plants. She is not a botanist; she just really likes plants. In particular, she has an extraordinary love of maple trees, even adorning all of her battle gear with maple leaf camouflage.,Turn Color Maple,Maple Scatter,Card HP is recovered by 100%
375,Support - Aklys,5,19,A knight who the faeries entrusted with the Drum of Temptation. The intoxicating sound of her drum instantly eliminates all fear of death and imbues knights with almighty strength. Her beauty and straightforward disposition make her very popular with the opposite sex; however, she is has no interest in such things.,Drum Roll Strong,Inspiring Drumroll,When the HP is below 50%,\nCard HP is recovered by 200%
376,Second - Stadel,3,11,After being created at the Lake, that is where this knight remained, with no particular ambition or concern for anything. Her only interest was doing her hair, which she somehow managed to fashion into a sword. This awakened her to her combat potential and drove her to join the fight against the Invaders. However, despite now participating in the conflict, she still has no interest in other people.,Sharp Tresses,Hair Edge,ATK increases\nwhen you have more friends
379,Second - Ash,4,13,A knight created using genes from a woman believed to have been the inspiration behind a story told throughout the length and breadth of Britain. She is dressed tatty clothes and is always barefoot. She is much loved by animals and all of Mother Nature and, despite her shabby clothes, she projects an air of happiness. However, she does not get along with other women, who often bully her.,Wear Ashley,Guardian Wind,ATK increases\nwhen your HP is low
382,Second - Suneka,4,15,A knight produced for the purpose of protecting a mountain on which ruins of the Ancients are located. Despite not speaking their language, she enjoys a smooth coexistence with the faeries. This causes people to fear her, mistakenly believing her to be some type of mysterious mountain goblin. However, she is actually an innocent young lady. Her constant angry expression is likely due to the heavy burden of protecting the mountain.,Wrong Knows Goblin,Hurricane Fan,If today is beween Mon~Fri,\nATK increases by 100%
390,Cherry,1,99,A type of Faerie that worked to assist other faeries during the time of the Ancients. They were all thought to have died out long ago but some survivors have recently been discovered. They have various colors which appear to be associated with different abilities; however, no details are known. The have a distinctive style of flight that looks as if they are running. Cherry faeries are incredibly mischievous and love to play little pranks on humans, but never cause any harm.,0,None,{}
391,Super Cherry,3,99,A type of Faerie that worked to assist other faeries during the time of the Ancients. They were all thought to have died out long ago but some survivors have recently been discovered. They have various colors which appear to be associated with different abilities; however, no details are known. The have a distinctive style of flight that looks as if they are running. Super Cherry faeries love to laugh. Even in places where they should be quiet, they seem completely unaware of what is expected and will suddenly burst out laughing. Some faeries and knights have taken serious a disliking to them.,0,None,{}
392,Ultimate Cherry,5,99,A type of Faerie that worked to assist other faeries during the time of the Ancients. They were all thought to have died out long ago but some survivors have recently been discovered. They have various colors which appear to be associated with different abilities; however, no details are known. The have a distinctive style of flight that looks as if they are running. Ultimate Cherry faeries are ladylike and easygoing, but when they get angry it is said that they become more terrifying than any other type of Faerie.,0,None,{}
393,Sorceress - Morgan: Final Form,5,14,As with other sorceresses, this clone was produced using genes extracted from a sample of hair, obtained at great risk by an undercover spy. Crossing of the same genes has meant that this clone is not as powerful as the original; however, she is more than capable of engaging in combat and has been deployed on the battlefield. Despite being created from a sorceress with a deep hatred for Arthur, this clone is surprisingly docile.,Winter Destruction,Winter Destruction,{}
399,First - Mordred: Blade Erode,6,17,Driven by her hatred for Arthur, Sorceress Morgause stole into Camelot and deliberately contaminated the Lake`s production plans. Mordred is the result. This unusual knight was created by crossing all of Arthur`s genes with all of Sorceress Morgause`s genes. By analyzing the Arthur genes within his body, he is able to accurately determine any of Arthur`s weaknesses. Though initially burdened by his betrayal of Camelot, Arthur and the other knights considered that Mordred could serve as a safety net if ever Camelot became corrupted by power. He has since been accepted as one of their own, without a word of judgment.,Dragon Killer Clarente,Clarent Destruction,{}
401,First - Lancelot,5,19,Arthur`s longest serving knight. Through the vigilant expenditure of extraordinary cost and immense efforts, Lancelot benefited from intervention by the faeries to become the most formidable of all knights. Known as Lancelot du Lac (`Lancelot of the Lake`). Embodying the spirit of chivalry, Lancelot also has close connections to the Lake and the Round Table and is more determined than any other knight to protect the Guinevere, the administrator of the Round Table.,High speed Aroundight,Arondight Burst,If the opponent is 「Faerie」\nATK increases by 100%
402,First - Gawain,5,16,Like Lancelot, this special knight was created for the purpose of supporting the king. He is one of Arthur`s longest serving knights and was also created as a test to determine whether or not it was possible to utilize the Lake using the technology of Arthur`s reign. As he was a test case, the Lake was used with great caution and a far higher cost was paid than for an average knight. As a result, he is extremely tough but does have certain personality problems that may be expected with a test case.,Bright Support Galatyn,Solar Strength,Card HP is recovered by 50%
403,First - Galahad,5,15,A special knight created to excavate ruins and remains of the Ancients, a long-lost civilization in which faeries and humans coexisted as equals. Her gene structure is based on the Lancelot design, with the successful addition of some new strengths. Her abilities are almost at the maximum possible for a knight, but she has little energy to dedicate to tasks other than those for which she was created. She is therefore comparable with other knights when it comes to combat.,Top Ranker,Armor Smash,ATK increases\nwhen your HP is high
404,Limit-Break Cherry,6,99,A type of Faerie that worked to assist other faeries during the time of the Ancients. They were all thought to have died out long ago but some survivors have recently been discovered. They have various colors which appear to be associated with different abilities; however, no details are known. It seems as if Limit-Break Cherry faeries are somehow able to exceed limit break limitations, but the particulars are not yet clear.,0,None,{}
405,Culmin,5,16,A Faerie who has worked cutting down trees in the forests ever since the time of the Ancients. She eats neither animals nor humans, surviving on nothing but morning dew. Although she does not usually harm people, anyone who ignores nature will find themselves a victim of a series of pranks that she calls Divine Punishment. It is not unheard of for such victims to even lose their lives as a result.,Guardian of Dark Green,Error 7tpi013,HP is recovered\nwhen you give more attacks
407,Student - Nicole,5,23,A special knight produced as the main element of a project to increase national power and standards of living through academic improvements. As she was to be a member of the Animal Husbandry Committee, genes of a black rabbit and a crow were combined so that she can better understand what animals are feeling. However, a malfunction occurred in the production stage and she ended up being expressionless and emotionless. She is a gentle young lady with a love of children and animals, but is often misunderstood as being cold-hearted.,Twinkle Healing,Gravity Heal,When the HP is below 50%,\nCard HP is recovered by 200%
442,Squally,5,15,This Faerie has appeared on frosty mornings ever since the time of the Ancients. It is her job to rescue small animals that become buried in frost. She loves needle ice so much that she is completely spellbound whenever she sees it. If she accidentally treads on an ice needle and breaks it, she will respectfully bury it in the ground, even in the coldest of temperatures.,Life Hidden Under Frost,Error 00gfck1,The more Round Table cards you have,\nATK increases
593,Gratitude - Nimue,6,12,A clone created from the faerie Nimue`s genes to celebrate an event. She always maintains her thankful attitude wherever she goes.\nOnce she gulped down a mysterious chemical from Merlin`s laboratory, something happened to her body. Though the effects did not last for long, many female knights sneaked into Merlin`s lab when they heard about what happened to her body.,Millon Maker,Million Kings,ATK increases by 150%
720,Fairytale - Rose Flower,6,24,A knight created from the genes of one of the two ravishing sisters found at the lake of the Invader`s continent. She is presumed to be the older one.\nShe is a virtuous and quiet type who looks like she holds deep sadness inside her heart. She always travels together with and cares a lot for Red Lotus who had been created from the genes of the girl who was found together with her at the lake and who is presumed to be her younger sister.,A Sad Wild Rose,Underwater Flower,ATK increases by 200%
721,Fairytale - Red Lotus,6,24,A knight created from the genes of one of the two ravishing sisters found at the lake of the Invader`s continent. She is presumed to be the younger one.\nShe is a shy and kind type who looks like she holds deep sadness inside her heart. She always travels together with and cares a lot for Rose Flower who had been created from the genes of the girl who was found together with her at the lake and who is presumed to be her older sister.,Lotus Blossom With Grief,Full Bloom,When HP is below 30%,\nCard HP is recovered by 250%
722,Fairytale - Simcheong,5,21,A knight created based on a book found in an old ship floating far across the shores of Britain. According to the book, she willingly sacrificed herself for her beloved family. The records have been replicated almost to perfection, so despite her shy demeanour, she always strives to dedicate herself in helping others around her.,Infinite Sacrifice,Crystal Devotion,The more SUPER there are,\nATK increases (big)
723,Fairytale - Kongjwi,5,19,A knight created based on a book found in an old ship floating far across the shores of Britain. She is a stunning beauty, but it seems like she does not know about it herself... She is very devoted and does not complain no matter what happens. However, she does not take part in wars and battles actively.,Biological Friendly,Amiable Beauty,Recovers HP\nwhen the opponent`s HP is lower
724,Fairytale - Patjwi,5,18,A knight created based on a book found in an old ship floating far across the shores of Britain. According to the records, she is Kongjwi`s step sister, but there is no way to find out if they are really not related. Her actions say she is very fond of Kongjwi, but she becomes rather mean in front of her.,High and Mighty,Proud Beauty,The higher the opponent`s HP,\nATK increases (big)
725,Fairytale - Snail Bride,5,19,A knight created based on a book found in an old ship floating far across the shores of Britain. Like the original person, she was created to be very shy and timid. However, an error during the manufaturing process has made her prone to delusions.,Bashful Girl,Shyness Overload,The higher the card level,\nATK increases (big)
726,Fairytale - Son of Cinnamon Tree,5,14,A knight created from the genes of a boy found at the forest at the tip of Britain. His clothes are nothing like what people in Britain wear. So assuming from his appearance and his clothes, could he have jumped across time due to some mysterious powers?,Progenitor of People,First Sword,If the time is between 18:00～24:00\nATK increases by 150%
727,Fairytale - Princess Bari,5,20,A knight created based on a book found in an old ship floating far across the shores of Britain. According to the records, her deep filial piety has made her a heavenly official but of course, there is no way we can verify if it is true. Her external beauty is as mesmerizing as her beautiful heart.,Spirit of Sacrifice,Filial Piety,ATK increases by 150%
741,Trainer - Latisha,5,23,A special knight created to take care of the students` heath at an institute filled with children who show potential of becoming the next Arthur.\nHer fervent loyalty for the ""red medicine"" has made it to be used universally for all kinds of symptoms whether it is a headache or a stomach ache.,Pretty School Nurse,Red Medicine,When the HP is below 50%,\nCard HP is recovered by 200%
869,Pure - Nimue,6,28,One of the bride candidate knights created to produce powerful genes instead of participating in a battle. She was created using Nimue`s genes. She follows the commands for gene creation, but it somehow doesn`t go well. It is said that it is due to something that the original Nimue had done, but no one knows what she did exactly.,Wedding Block,Pure Slab,For first attack\nATK increases by 250%
870,Pure - Carnelian,6,24,One of the bride candidate knights created to produce powerful genes instead of participating in a battle. She was created using Carnelian`s genes. Same as the knight she was based on, this knight always has tears in her eyes. The program must have deleted away all the negative feelings, but something more powerful than the program seems to linger.,Crying Wedding,Pure Tears,Card HP is recovered by 150%
871,Pure - Klackie,5,23,One of the bride candidate knights created to produce powerful genes instead of participating in a battle. She was created using Klackie`s genes. Same as the knight she was based on, she is a total narcissist. The only thing she thinks about is infusing her gene into her own gene.,Wifely Sprout,Pure Egoist,When HP is below 70%\nATK increases by 150%
872,Pure - Saint,5,18,One of the bride candidate knights created to produce powerful genes instead of participating in a battle. She was created using Saint`s genes. She spent too much money on making the Rudolph-shaped sleigh that she had no more money to buy a present. As a last resort, she has decided to give herself away as a present. She is a pitiful knight who is thinking about the chances of getting some money to buy presents from her future husband.,Present Is Me,Pure Gift,The more Round Table cards you have,\nHP is recovered (big)
873,Pure - Dinadan,5,18,One of the bride candidate knights created to produce powerful genes instead of participating in a battle. She was created using the genes of Dinadan. She is often spotted having conversation with other knights about gene creation and structure, but she doesn`t have someone in mind yet. It is undeniable that her standards are too high.,Darling Play With,Pure Flirtation,When HP is below 70%\nATK increases by 150%
885,Pure - Guinevere,5,22,One of the bride candidate knights created to produce powerful genes instead of participating in a battle. It is said that she was created by Guinevere to escape her fate of being married off to the `Arthur who saved Britain`.,Shame Explosion,Pure Anger,When card level is max\nCard HP is recovered by 100%
886,Pure - Ywain`s Lion,6,26,One of the bride candidate knights created to produce powerful genes instead of participating in a battle. She was created using the genes of Ywain`s Lion. The bride candidate is not the lion but the faerie. The lion is firmly refusing to let the faerie become a bride.,Virgin Load Breaker,Pure Destruction,The more the number of attacks,\nHP is recovered (big)
887,Pure - Sling,6,26,One of the bride candidate knights created to produce powerful genes instead of participating in a battle. She was created using Sling`s genes. Creativity was programmed inside her, but it seems that gluttony is overriding it. It has been planned to use cookies to lure her to collect genes, but there are no reports about the plan being executed yet.,Sweet Bunch Tender,Pure Cookie,The more attacks there are,\nATK increases (big)
891,Pure - Bisclavret,5,22,One of the bride candidate knights created to produce powerful genes instead of participating in a battle. She was created using Bisclavret`s genes. Due to her cute looks, she gets endless marriage proposals from many knights, but she rejects all of them.,Heart Break Hammer,Pure Poke,When card level is max\nATK increases by 100%
896,Sports Day - Dinadan,5,15,One of the knights created to run the sports day event which is held to tighten the bond between Round Table members. That also means she is not so well versed in battles. She was created as a sports participant using Chacha`s genes. Like what was planned, she has fantastic physical abilities and many are looking forward to her performance in the event.,Relay Battle Medley,Sportswoman Strength,When HP is below 80%,\nCard HP is recovered by 200%
897,Sports Day - Vulcaphile,6,23,One of the knights created to run the sports day event which is held to tighten the bond between Round Table members. That also means she is not so well versed in battles. Initially she was supposed to become a professional gunner, but her guns have been specialized to throwing balls and she has become a pitcher instead. She boasts being able to handle 12 guns at the same time, but it looks like she can`t control which direction she is shooting.,Assault Vulcan,Shooting Spree,ATK increases by 280%
899,Sports Day - Spica,5,17,One of the knights created to run the sports day event which is held to tighten the bond between Round Table members. That also means she is not so well versed in battles. She was created using Spica`s genes to enliven the sports day event. With a cute costume and two pompoms in her hands, she cheers for both her side and the opponents.,Cheer Girl Bunney,Pompom Girl,ATK increases by 180%
904,Sports Day - Score,6,22,One of the knights created to run the sports day event which is held to tighten the bond between Round Table members. That also means she is not so well versed in battles. She is in charge of the scores. Maybe because of her job scope, she is good in calculation but awful at sports. She is the model student kind of knight who concentrates on studying while keeping her eyes on the scores.,Judge Point Maker,Score Keeper,When HP is below 60%,\nCard HP is recovered by 230%
906,Sports Day - Pildan,5,20,One of the knights created to run the sports day event which is held to tighten the bond between Round Table members. That also means she is not so well versed in battles. She is in charge of creating medication for the sports day participants to keep their condition in top state. But she is careless and tends to mix medicines up, causing trouble for the other knights...,Muscle Dose,Drug Overdose,When card level is max\nATK increases by 180%
966,Pure - Little Grey,6,26,One of the bride candidate knights created to produce powerful genes instead of participating in a battle. She was created using Little Grey`s genes. As a mark of marriage, she draws a weird circle on the cropfield which has scared all her fiances away so far.,Mystery Circle,Pure Alien,The more attacks there are,\nATK increases (big)
982,Sports Day - Stonemiu,5,19,One of the knights created to run the sports day event which is held to tighten the bond between Round Table members. That also means she is not so well versed in battles. With the exponential increase in the number of Round Table members, the event can`t end in just one day. So Stonemiu is in charge of cleaning up the dormitory used by the knights during the event, and she is also in charge of protecting young innocent female knights in the dormitory. But she has a thing for cute items and she may just stop cleaning and stare at them for hours when she finds them...,Blast Cleaning,Spick-and-Span,When HP is below 60%,\nCard HP is recovered by 200%
995,Sports Day - Myorang,5,21,A knight created with the genes from a cat and school uniform. She meows at the end of every sentence. When she cheers for people with her self-made cheer dance, even the depressed become excited.,Cat Cheer Dance,Meow Cheer,For first attack\nATK increases by 200%
996,Sports Day - Dinia,5,18,Her beautiful looks have made her a beloved popularity queen. However, she does not enjoy popularity that much. What she likes is making handicrafts and accessories. It is said that her accessories hold positive energy and which will make you a positive person if you carry it around.,Happy Decoration,Lucky Charm,The lower the opponent`s HP,\nATK increases (big)
997,Sports Day - Soto,6,11,A girl who looks like Student Soto. She devotes her passion to everything she does and she has been selected to become the band leader. Her complex is being short but she maintains a positive attitude and drinks milk everyday.,Band Leader with Baton,Mace Swing,Card HP is recovered by 280%
1076,Scholar - Bisclavret,5,5,A knight made in the same way as Bisclarvret. She is a notorious troublemaker in school and boasts an insatiable appetite that does not match her small frame. Her beloved spoon never leaves her side wherever she goes. It is said that any food that is nearby will be gone the moment her spoon turns gold.,Anytime Lunch,Gluttony Overload,ATK increases by 200%
1077,Scholar - Mordred,6,25,A knight made in the same way as Mordred. He is one of the elites in the school, and is a hardworking model student. He is dressed as neatly as he can, but clothes can`t hide the charisma that flows from him naturally, which has made him both a target of envy and fear.,Halo Effect,Elite Student,ATK increases by 220%
1079,Scholar - Arthur: Blade Protector,5,18,A playful boy who is always full of innocent smiles. He is curious about many things and gets along with people well so he is popular among friends. Surprizingly, he also has proven to be a good leader and is always in the center of attention.,Innocent Curiosity,Popular Leader,If there are 2 or more Sword Faction cards,\nrecovers 210% of the card`s HP
1080,Scholar - Arthur: Techno Smith,5,18,A free-spirited girl who hates being bound by rules. Totally opposite of the student council`s Elle, she hates the school uniforms and has been caught by Elle for reforming it. She also has a strong obsession for any object that is pretty.,The More The Better,Too Cool For School,If there are 2 or more Techno Faction cards,\nrecovers 210% of the card`s HP
1081,Scholar - Arthur: Sorcery King,5,18,One of the elites in the Briton School. He is clearly a model student. He rejected the position of school council president and became the vice president in order to lessen his workload. But with all the students that Elle is catching and bringing to him, his workload is piling even more.,Busy Day and Night,Model Student,If there are 2 or more Magic Faction cards,\nrecovers 210% of the card`s HP
1086,Scholar - Lancelot,6,23,Handsome and smart, a perfect dream guy for every school girl. His raging popularity among the girls has made him the target of envy for the boys in the school.,Mother Friend Son,Dream Guy,If there are 2 or more Sword Faction cards,\nATK increases by 250%
1087,Scholar - Gawain,6,23,Though his face is not known to many as he is usually stuck in one corner of the library, his name is widely known due to his top grades. He blends in with the background when he puts on his glasses and concentrates on his book. But when he takes off his glasses during his break, people say they have been mesmerized by his charm,Spirit of Inquiry,Library Lover,If there are 2 or more Techno Faction cards,\nATK increases by 250%
1088,Scholar - Galahad,6,23,She is in charge of keeping the Briton School speck and clean. Originally a quiet nerd, she had been tricked by her friend Guinevere to take on the role of keeping the school clean. However, ensuring the cleanliness of the school seems to be something that matches her character. She must have been created from the genes of someone who loves relics.,Swift Broom,Clean School,If there are 2 or more Magic Faction cards,\nATK increases by 250%
1105,Enchanted - Rapunzel,6,25,A knight created based on the book found in a ghost ship that floats around Britain`s faraway shores. According to the records, she is said to be a character who was locked up in a tower with her long blonde tresses hanging down the window, but there is no way we can find out if it is true. She is very proud of her abnormally long hair.,Rapunzel With Blond Hair,Anti-frizz,When HP is below 50%\nCard HP is recovered by 280%
1106,Enchanted - Little Mermaid,5,22,A knight created based on the book found in a ghost ship that floats around Britain`s faraway shores. According to the records, she loves singing with her beautiful charming voice. She is a courageous girl who does not hesitate to come up to the shore to find her love. In the battlefield, her songs boost her allies and make her enemies lose their will to fight.,The Little Mermaid,Under the Sea,When card level is max\nATK increases by 100%
1107,Enchanted - Odette,5,21,A knight created based on the book found in a ghost ship that floats around Britain`s faraway shores. A pure innocent beauty who is devoted to her love. She nearly gets her forest prince stolen by Odile, but manages to get him back. She is on bad terms with Odile and end up fighting with her whenever they meet. She is always concerned about whether her love life will be ruined by Odile.,Swan Lake,Pure White,ATK increases by 100%
1108,Enchanted - Alice,5,25,A knight created based on the book found in a ghost ship that floats around Britain`s faraway shores. According to the records, she has been to a land of wonders by following a talking rabbit, but there is no way we can verify if this is true. She is full of curiosity and loves to daydream, but she is also an innocent girl who does not have any fears.,Alice in Wonderland,Down the Rabbit Hole,ATK increases (big)\nwhen you have less SUPER
1109,Enchanted - Pied Piper,5,21,A knight created based on the stories passed down from mouth to mouth. The pipe that he plays has a magical power that makes everyone, even animals, enchanted. He used to get rid of mice in the town but also brought chaos to the town by leading the children away to an unknown place.,The Pied Piper of Hamelin,Rat-Catcher,The more Round Table cards you have,\nATK increases (big)
1111,Enchanted - Mad Hatter,5,20,A knight created based on the book found in a ghost ship that floats around Britain`s faraway shores. He loves to drink tea so he holds a tea party with his friends everyday. He hates those who are not on time, and is always unhappy about the latecomer White Rabbit. But he somehow doesn`t forget to invite White Rabbit to all his tea parties.,Mad Hatter`s Tea Party,Have  a Cuppa,The lower the opponent`s HP,\nATK increases (big)
1113,Enchanted - Snow White,5,20,A knight created based on the book found in a ghost ship that floats around Britain`s faraway shores. According to the records, she fell into a deep sleep after biting a poisoned apple from her stepmother, the Queen. She lived happily ever after when she was awakened by the prince. She always carries an apple around even though she says she hates apples.,Snow White,Crunchy Apple,When HP is below 40%\nCard HP is recovered by 200%
1115,Enchanted - Cinderella,6,20,A knight created based on the book found in a ghost ship that floats around Britain`s faraway shores. According to the records, she was born as the only child of a wealthy family. After her mother died when she was still young, she had been tortured by her stepmother and stepsisters. With the help of a kind-hearted magician, she met a prince at a ball and lived happily ever after.,Petite Pantoufle de Verre,Glass Slipper,ATK increases by 250%
1116,Enchanted - Karen,5,16,A knight created based on the genes of a girl who danced endlessly after wearing a pair of red shoes. Perhaps the urge to dance from the original genes was too strong since she is not interested in fighting with the Invaders but is always dancing. Her fellow knights are not very happy about this.,The Red Shoes,Dance Fever,ATK increases by 200%
1118,Enchanted - Pinocchio,5,18,A knight created based on the book found in a ghost ship that floats around Britain`s faraway shores. His nose grows when he lies, so people around him know right away when he is lying. Deceived by the rumour that he can become a real human if he kills many Invaders, he participates in battles diligently.,Le avventure di Pinocchio,Growing Nose,The more the number of attacks,\nHP is recovered (big)
1119,Enchanted - Aurore,6,18,A knight created based on the book found in a ghost ship that floats around Britain`s faraway shores. According to the records, she pricked her hand on a spindle on her 16th birthday and fell into a deep sleep, only to be awakened 100 years later by a prince. She still suddenly falls asleep, perhaps to find a prince to wake her up.,Sleeping Beauty,Slumber Queen,When card level is max\nCard HP is recovered by 220%
1143,Toddler - Sigrun,6,25,A knight that came to have a much younger appearance than planned due to a system error that occured while creating a knight that looked exactly like Specific Sigrun. Though her age is younger, she has the same character as the original Sigrun which has made her too indifferent and uncaring for her young age.,Kid - Branch Road Heaven,Young Sword,ATK increases by 280%
1144,Toddler - Antoinette,6,25,A knight that came to have a much younger appearance than planned due to a system error that occured while creating a knight that looked exactly like Specific Antoinette. Probably due to the original Antoinette`s influence, she looks down on other people even as a young child and has the air of a royal blood.,Kid - Golden Lost,Young Royal,When HP is below 50%\nCard HP is recovered by 280%
1145,Toddler - Tinia,5,20,A knight that came to have a much younger appearance than planned due to a system error that occured while creating a knight that looked exactly like Support - Tinia. Probably due to the age, big boobs that the original Tinia found a complex are no longer there and her child-like body has made the original Tinia pretty jealous.,Kid - Tear or Sleep,Young Hypnosis,The more friends you have,\nATK increases (big)
1146,Toddler - Gareth,5,21,A knight that came to have a much younger appearance than planned due to a system error that occured while creating a knight that looked exactly like Student Gareth. Her original cuteness has been amplified to the extreme after becoming a child, and thanks to that, she is receiving endless love from other knights around her.,Kid - Income Heather Chaos,Extreme Cuteness,ATK increases by 180%
1156,Toddler - Evaine,5,19,A knight that came to have a much younger appearance than planned due to a system error that occured while creating a knight that looked exactly like Support Evaine. Like the original Evaine, she is weak and frail and does not participate in most battles.,Kid - Status Control,Frail Child,The lower the opponent`s HP,\nHP is recovered
1157,Toddler - Robin Hood,6,22,A knight that came to have a much younger appearance than planned due to a system error that occured while creating a knight that looked exactly like Cross Robin Hood. Unlike Cross Robin Hood, she does not have the broom that allows her to fly freely in the air. She only takes after the cute looks from the original Robin Hood.,Kid - Broomstick Sky,Young Witch,Card HP is recovered by 220%
1158,Toddler - Constantine,5,17,A knight that came to have a much younger appearance than planned due to a system error that occured while creating a knight that looked exactly like Constantine. She is the most innocent and childlike knight who cannot lie and trusts people easily. Maybe she will even follow the Invaders if they lure her with cookies..,Kid - Archive Arthur,Young Majesty,The more the number of attacks,\nATK increases (big)
1160,Toddler - Sophiris,5,15,A knight created from the gene of a heavenly sword Sophiris found in a castle in Britain. She is in the form of a little girl. According to the legends, the god has given heavenly powers to the sword when a soldier tried to save the people in the castle with it. It is also called the Guardian Sword Sophiris.,Kid - God Sword,Guardian Child,Card HP is recovered by 200%
1161,Toddler - Mudy,5,16,A knight created from the gene of the legendary magical sword Mudy. She is in the form of a little girl. It is a sword that was used by the evil king of Avalon, and the sword has the evil king`s soul and the knight created with the sword`s gene has horns on the head. She tends to betray a lot so she is not suitable for real combats.,Kid - Devil Sword,Young Devil,The more friends you have,\nATK increases (big)
1169,Flower - Cosmos,6,25,A knight created with the genes of cosmos flower to celebrate Britain`s flower festival. Uninterested in the complicated affairs such as dealing with the Invaders or caring about Britain`s prosperity, she is only obsessed with the flower festival and this has incurred the resentment of other knights.,Cosmos`s Spirit,Peaceful Tranquility,Card HP is recovered by 310%
1170,Flower - Freesia,6,25,A knight created with the genes of freesia flower to celebrate Britain`s flower festival. Uninterested in the complicated affairs such as dealing with the Invaders or caring about Britain`s prosperity, she is only obsessed with the flower festival and this has incurred the resentment of other knights.,Freesia`s Spirit,Positive Energy,The higher your max BC,\nATK increases (big)
1171,Flower - Tulip,5,21,A knight created with the genes of tulip flower to celebrate Britain`s flower festival. Uninterested in the complicated affairs such as dealing with the Invaders or caring about Britain`s prosperity, she is only obsessed with the flower festival and this has incurred the resentment of other knights.,Tulip`s Spirit,Delight Blossom,When card level is max\nATK increases by 230%
1182,Flower - Suzuran,6,20,A knight created by combining the gene extracted from Suzuran and the gold gene from the Land of Gold located further away than the land of Invaders. Gold flowers bloom wherever she passes by, but she no longer smiles.,Suzuran`s Spirit,Gold Flower Mountain,Card HP is recovered by 250%
1190,Flower - Lilac,6,22,A knight created with the genes of lilac flower to celebrate Britain`s flower festival. Uninterested in the complicated affairs such as dealing with the Invaders or caring about Britain`s prosperity, she is only obsessed with the flower festival and this has incurred the resentment of other knights.,Lilac`s Spirit,First Love,When HP is below 40%,\nCard HP is recovered by 270%
1194,Flower - Jasmine,6,23,A knight created with the genes of jasmine flower to celebrate Britain`s flower festival. Uninterested in the complicated affairs such as dealing with the Invaders or caring about Britain`s prosperity, she is only obsessed with the flower festival and this has incurred the resentment of other knights.,Jasmine`s Spirit,Alluring Scent,ATK increases by 280%
1198,Flower - Marigold,5,21,A knight created with the genes of marigold flower to celebrate Britain`s flower festival. Uninterested in the complicated affairs such as dealing with the Invaders or caring about Britain`s prosperity, she is only obsessed with the flower festival and this has incurred the resentment of other knights.,Marigold`s Spirit,Pot of Gold,When the opponent is a Faerie,\nATK increases by 270%
1199,Flower - Rose,5,22,A knight created with the genes of rose flower to celebrate Britain`s flower festival. Uninterested in the complicated affairs such as dealing with the Invaders or caring about Britain`s prosperity, she is only obsessed with the flower festival and this has incurred the resentment of other knights.,Rose`s Spirit,Passionate Love,When the opponent is a Faerie,\nATK increases by 250%
3000,AWC - Robin,5,16,Robin`s parents are both artists, but this strong willed girl knew her calling was in the football field instead.  Her outstanding skills make her a veteran in representing her national team. A gifted striker, young lass has scored countless of goals against her opponents, earning her a rather fearsome reputation among her peers!,Captain Spirit,Young Ace,When card level is max,\nCard HP is recovered by 100%
3001,AWC - Rozalina,5,18,A well respected Referee, Rozalina comes from the land of Uzbekistan. She`s calm-headed and has good judgment, the perfect person to bring justice and fairness to the field. A staunch believer in the future of Asian referees, she was the youngest referee in the 2010 Animeworld Cup. In one of the games she refereed, she made a wrong call that resulted in a goal and it still haunts her to this day. Determined to learn from her mistake, Rozalina strives to raise the standards for all Referees in Asia.,Referee Judgment,Keen Eyes,For first attack\nATK increases by 100%
3002,AWC - Paula,5,18,Senhorita Paula of Portugal may be all smiles and sunshine, but she`s really as tough as the rest of the football managers out there. She was a player once, but she made the move to be a manager instead due to personal reasons. Her skills at realizing and refining talent in players have brought forth many stars in the field. Paula is currently managing her national team and takes great pride in what she does, although her nasty temper flares up once in a while…,Manager Thinking,Hell Training,When HP is below 50%,\nATK increases by 50%
3003,AWC - Luka,6,20,Luka is a relatively young player representing the German national team. She`s a speedy forward, with a keen sense of attack and a powerful kick to top it off. She holds the German record for scoring the fastest goal in her national team – at a mere 9 seconds after kick-off! She`s also in the same club as Oliver, and the two of them work together to tear their opponents apart.,Hard Work,God Speed,If the opponent is 「Faerie」\nATK increases by 200%
3004,AWC - Alessandra,6,22,Alessandra`s older brother is the inspirational drive behind this young lady. Today, she plays for her Italian national team, and her wonderful ball control and beautiful dribbling skills make her an attacker to be feared. She`s a free and penalty kick specialist – the all-time top scorer for the Italian team. Funny and lively both on and off the pitch, Alessandra loves football with all her heart. She is popular among players and fans alike due to her flawless techniques on the field.,Careful Movement,Flawless Footwork,The higher your max BC,\nATK increases (big)
3005,AWC - Oliver,6,23,Frenchman Oliver plays for his native country, and also belongs to the same club as Luka. He`s a player who always takes the opportunity to be in the penalty box to tap the ball in. Oliver is aggressive and knows when to push forward, but perhaps he needs to use his height advantage a little more when attempting a header. He may not stand out as much as his team mates, but he`s dependable and will always give 200% of his effort on the field.,Raging Legs,Victory Shoot,ATK increases by 200%
